In the aftermath of the Battle of Endor, Organa began learning the ways of the Force as her brother Luke Skywalker's apprentice. Though she constructed her own lightsaber, Organa did not complete her training as a Jedi and instead resumed her political career. Organa also married the Corellian smuggler Han Solo, an event followed by the birth of their son, Ben Solo. As the years passed, Organa was sidelined by a new generation of political leaders in the Galactic Senate. As the First Order rose in place of the fallen Empire, Organa struck out on her own to oppose them as founder of the Resistance. Organa's personal life, however, was struck by tragedy. Ben, whom Organa's brother mentored as part of an initiative to restore the Jedi Order, turned to the dark side and became the First Order warlord Kylo Ren.
If you are considering joining the project, take a look at our mission. If you would like to join, please add your name with three tildes (~~~) at the bottom of the page under the "Participants" section.
With the fall of the New Republic, large swathes of the galaxy fell to the forces of the First Order, which had been taken over by Organa's son in his capacity as the new Supreme Leader. During the last months of her life, Organa shared her knowledge of the Jedi ways with Rey, a scavenger from Jakku, and with her dying breath she reached out to Ren before becoming one with the Force. Organa's sacrifice facilitated the redemption of Ben Solo, whose death ended the Skywalker bloodline in 35 ABY. Rey, having renounced her dark lineage, assumed the Skywalker surname to honor her late mentors.
Though the First Order was officially formed in 29 ABY, having incorporated the Centrist star systems that seceded from the New Republic, its origins date back to a vast conspiracy decades in the making. The Contingency, crafted by Emperor Palpatine before his demise, ensured the fall of the Galactic Empire and its rebirth through a cadre of Imperial officers, nobles, and technologists that fled into the Unknown Regions by the end of the Galactic Civil War. In time, Imperial-era leaders like Grand Admiral Rae Sloane, General Brendol Hux, and Allegiant General Enric Pryde would make way for the rise of Supreme Leader Snoke. In addition, the old leadership was supplanted by a new generation of adherents to the ideals of the Empire, such as Kylo Ren, General Armitage Hux, and Captain Phasma.
Content approaching. Dooku: Jedi Lost, Master &amp; Apprentice, Balance, Queen's Shadow, The Cost, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of the Force–class.
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
Snoke was a Force-sensitive humanoid male who rose to absolute power as Supreme Leader of the First Order during the New Republic Era. A master of the Force and a seeker of arcane lore, Snoke possessed the knowledge and power that made him the undisputed heir to the Contingency crafted by the Sith Lord Darth Sidious before his demise. Though not a Sith, Snoke was nonetheless a master of the dark side of the Force, and influenced Ben Solo into abandoning the Jedi path to become his apprentice, Kylo Ren.
Jarek Yeager was a human male mechanic who owned a repair shop on the Colossus during the era of the New Republic. A former rebel pilot, commander, and veteran of the Galactic Civil War, Yeager once served with the Alliance to Restore the Republic. After the war, he sought a quiet, peaceful life and, therefore, retired to a refueling installation located on the ocean planet Castilon in the galaxy's Outer Rim Territories.
Born in 46 BBY during the Age of the Republic, Padmé Naberrie was raised by her parents, Ruwee Naberrie and his wife Jobal, on the peaceful Mid Rim world of Naboo. Despite the humble background of the Naberrie family, Padmé was identified early for her potential in public service. Devoting her life to civic duty, she was elected queen and, therefore, adopted the regnal name "Amidala" in 32 BBY. Due to the machinations of her advisor, Senator Sheev Palpatine, Amidala's reign was put to the test by the Trade Federation's blockade and subsequent invasion of Naboo. Unable to fight the Federation's army of battle droids without assistance, the queen beseeched the Galactic Senate on Coruscant for help, only to see her efforts hampered by bureaucracy and procedure. Although she ultimately liberated her homeworld with the help of the Jedi Order and the Gungan Grand Army, her decision to cast a Vote of No Confidence against Finis Valorum enabled Palpatine to become the Supreme Chancellor.
Maz Kanata was a Force-sensitive humanoid female who was born over a millennium before the brewing war between the First Order and the Resistance. Living in an ancient castle on the planet Takodana, Kanata gained a reputation as a "pirate queen" by allowing traveling smugglers to reside in her home&#8212;as long as they honored her prohibitions against politics and war. Kanata spent centuries traveling the galaxy, collecting antiques and trinkets which she kept inside the storehouses and vaults of her castle. One notable item was the lightsaber crafted by Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker during the Clone Wars, and later wielded by Skywalker's son, Luke, who was instrumental in toppling the Galactic Empire.
During the First Order–Resistance war, Colossus resistance members Jarek Yeager, Kazuda Xiono, CB-23, and the pirate Synara San undertook a mission on the planet Varkana to rescue the Resistance agent Norath Kev, who had been captured by the bounty hunter Ax Tagrin. After a skirmish with Tagrin, Kaz's team managed to locate Norath aboard Ax's ship Dalkor Dagger. Though Tagrin trapped them, Kaz, CB-23 and Norath managed to sabotage the ship's engines, bringing it down. While Yeager and Synara fought with Tagrin, Kaz and Norath fled on a speeder bike and tried to contact the Colossus for a pick-up.
However, the First Order was alerted by Ax to their presence and dispatched forces to Varkana. Tagrin managed to capture Yeager, Synara, and CB-23, whom he handed over to Commander Pyre and Agent Tierny. Kaz and Norath mounted a rescue mission and infiltrated the First Order base by disguising themselves as stormtroopers. CB-23 managed to free herself. After overpowering their First Order captors and Tagrin, they managed to escape Varkana with the help of Ace Squadron and Captain Imanuel Doza.
Ten years[5] after the culmination of the Great Sith War, the galaxy remained in a prolonged state of recovery, a direct result of the devastation wrought by the chief instigator of the war&#8212;Dark Lord Exar Kun and his Sith Brotherhood. While the Sith were defeated and their Dark Lord ultimately destroyed on the jungle moon of Yavin 4,[6] Ulic Qel-Droma&#8212;Kun's protégé and co-conspirator of the conflict&#8212;survived, though at great personal cost. He had been rendered Force-blind by the Jedi Knight Nomi Sunrider.[1] Furthermore, the fallen Jedi had never been held accountable for his role in the events, and was instead allowed to roam the galaxy a free man. Despite having renounced his position as a Sith Lord, Qel-Droma was still haunted by his transgressions and wished to retreat entirely from galactic notice in perpetual exile.[6] Keeping his identity secret, he hired a fervent Jedi-enthusiastic spacer named Hoggon to take him somewhere far-removed where he could spend the rest of his days in solitude. After visiting several planets he deemed unsuitable for one reason or another, Qel-Droma finally settled for the ice world of Rhen Var.[5]
The Final Order's origins date back to the reign of the First Galactic Empire; an authoritarian regime, the Empire was ruled by Emperor Palpatine, who was in fact the Sith Lord Darth Sidious. With the Emperor's death, the Empire collapsed and gave way to the rise of the New Republic. Secreted in the depths of the Unknown Regions, however, was the planet Exegol, a Sith redoubt where dark-side cultists spent years building a force that would not emerge for a generation. A fleet of Xyston-class Star Destroyers, armed with planet-killing technology, and an army of loyal Sith troopers were the fruits of their labor.
Following the loss of R2-D2 during the Battle of Bothawui, R3-S6 was assigned to Jedi General Anakin Skywalker as a replacement.[2] Unbeknownst to Skywalker and his padawan, Ahsoka Tano, R3-S6 was acting as a covert confederate agent, attempting to facilitate the sale of R2-D2 to General Grievous.[3]
Separatist agent Asajj Ventress challenged Yoda to avoid her droid forces on Rugosa, proposing that Katuunko ally with the Confederacy if the Grand Master was unable. Yoda and the clone troopers were eventually forced to confront the droids but retreated into a cave to recover after Thire was injured. Rys and his clone brethren then emerged together with the Jedi to defeat the Confederate forces and complete the journey to reach Katuunko. After saving the king from Ventress, Yoda was promised the allegiance of the Toydarian people, and Rys and his comrades were picked up by Republic forces.
Dooku: Jedi Lost, Master &amp; Apprentice, Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1, Age of Republic - Jango Fett 1, Choose Your Destiny: A Clone Trooper Mission, Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel, Tarkin, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, The Crimson Corsair and the Lost Treasure of Count Dooku, Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy
During the Galactic Civil War, the Aeosians allowed the Alliance to Restore the Republic to operate a rebel outpost on Aeos Prime. By the time of the New Republic, the outpost had been abandoned. During the war between the First Order and the Resistance,[1] the First Order learned of the old rebel outpost on Aeos Prime. Wishing to destroy any old rebel bases to prevent the Resistance from making use of them,[5] the First Order attacked Aeos Prime, destroying an Aeosian village.[1]
In 4 BBY, Bridger learned that his parents were killed while attempting to escape from prison. The young Jedi, already having struggled with his dark side, became more conflicted, coming to a head on the ancient Sith world of Malachor where he recovered a Sith holocron in the hopes of destroying the Sith. He also encountered the former Sith Lord Maul, who hoped to make Bridger his apprentice&#8212;particularly once Bridger used the dark side to open the holocron. This briefly strained his apprenticeship with Jarrus, who was blinded by Maul on Malachor, but the two repaired their relationship and continued to progress as Jedi.
One day in 15 BBY, the starship Sand Sloth crash-landed in the scrapyard. Proto One approached two of its occupants&#8212;the protocol droid C-3PO and the astromech droid R2-D2&#8212;who had been ejected from their vehicle during the crash. He introduced himself and earned the affection of R2-D2, but C-3PO was reluctant to trust him, even after he directed the protocol droid's three Human masters to a nearby medical unit to tend to the injured arm of Jord Dusat, one of their own. Before the five newcomers departed in their landspeeder, the White Witch, Proto One was recruited to fix the Sand Sloth by its owner, Kea Moll.[1]
This template should be used for general spoilers&#8212;any spoiler whose source material does not have a more specific template. More precise guidelines will be determined in the future.
Content approaching. The New Trooper, The Core Problem, The Disappeared, Descent, No Escape: Part 1, No Escape: Part 2, Star Wars Resistance Season Two–class.
In 1000 BBY, a lightsaber duel was fought on the planet Lehon between two Dark Lords of the Sith: the Twi'lek Blademaster Kas'im and his former apprentice, Darth Bane. Kas'im followed Bane to Lehon and found him in the Rakatan Temple of the Ancients, where he presented the Human with the choice of either rejoining the Brotherhood of Darkness to which Bane had once belonged, or making Lehon his final resting place. When Bane refused, an intense lightsaber duel ensued.
Following her reign, Amidala joined the Senate and struggled to resolve the Separatist Crisis through diplomacy, becoming a leading voice in the Loyalist Committee by 22 BBY. After surviving an assassination attempt, she was removed from the capital and sent back to Naboo under the protection of Padawan Anakin Skywalker. Though the Jedi Code forbade personal relationships, deeming attachment and possession unbecoming of a Jedi, the two gradually became closer as their feelings for each other grew. In the aftermath of the Battle of Geonosis, Amidala secretly married her Jedi protector, despite her own reservations about their relationship and the consequences they would face if the truth ever came to light. Their subsequent interactions were limited throughout the Clone Wars, with Amidala continuing to advocate peaceful solutions in the Senate while Skywalker served on the front lines as a Jedi General in the Grand Army of the Republic. In the waning months of the pan-galactic conflict, Amidala revealed to her husband that she was pregnant. As a result of Skywalker's fear of loss, he was seduced by the dark side of the Force, believing that by becoming a Sith Lord he would gain the power to prevent his wife from dying in childbirth. Amidala, who learned of her husband's transformation into a Sith, ultimately died of a broken heart after giving birth to the twins Luke Skywalker and Leia Amidala Skywalker. With her dying breath, she claimed that there was still good in the former Anakin Skywalker, who embraced the persona of Darth Vader throughout the reign of the Galactic Empire.
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
Windu's actions led Palpatine to brand the Jedi as traitors to the Republic. The chancellor executed Order 66, and clone troopers across the galaxy turned against and killed their Jedi leaders, marking the fall of the Jedi Order. Palpatine transformed the Republic into the Galactic Empire, and the Emperor's new regime promoted anti-Jedi sentiment across the galaxy. Through propaganda, the Empire portrayed Windu as the leader of a criminal gang of Jedi who caused the outbreak of the Clone Wars. In spite of the propaganda, some of Windu's actions were remembered with fondness; General Cham Syndulla, who served alongside Windu during the Battle of Ryloth, remembered Windu with great respect and told the tale of how Windu helped him liberate Ryloth during the war.
The mining operation soon produced the first batch of fuel ore for the Empire and the Heep met Screed as the admiral arrived to collect it and to take custody of the captive Baobab.[2] That night, as the Heep recharged by draining energy from the astromech droid KT-10, C-3PO infiltrated the droid harem and warned the other astromechs about the Heep's intentions. Hearing the commotion, the Heep used his magnetic grapple to reach inside the droid harem and grab C-3PO. As punishment for the protocol droid's defiance, the Heep ordered C-3PO to be dismantled for use as spare parts, but C-3PO's warning prompted R2-D2 to escape from the harem. The following day, the Heep was processing fuel ore when he spotted the errant astromech droid. Intending to recharge from R2-D2, the Heep caught the other droid with his magnetic grapple, but R2-D2 disconnected the magnet's power cable and dropped to a conveyor belt below. R2-D2 escaped into the ore processing machinery, where he linked up with C-3PO, who had escaped custody before he could be dismantled. When the two droids re-emerged, the Heep was waiting and caught both in a container, which he sealed and disposed of in a laser furnace.[2]
Content approaching. Last Shot, Star Wars: On the Front Lines, The High Tower, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy, The Last Jedi: Bomber Command, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual and Alphabet Squadron, The Mandalorian Chapter 3, The Mandalorian Chapter 6–class.
Bane, who was considerably stronger in the Force, maintained the offensive in the beginning of the duel. The tide turned when Kas'im split his double-bladed lightsaber into two separate weapons and attacked his opponent with a previously unrealized degree of ferocity. Bane was forced onto the defensive, and was just barely able to maneuver his way out of the temple before Kas'im blasted him with a wave of Force energy. Bane reciprocated the attack, and Kas'im absorbed its brunt by shielding himself with the Force. The temple entrance in which Kas'im stood, however, was obliterated by Bane's exertion, and the Twi'lek was unable to avoid being crushed to death under the tons of rubble that fell upon him.
For more speakers, simply add more unnamed parameters, up to a maximum of ten lines. See the Template:Dialogue page for more specifics. Try to keep your dialogues as short as possible. If your dialogue exceeds ten lines, you will not be able to use the template at all and will have to simply use wiki code to emulate the standard format. The qualifier |lineX=trans will mark line X as spoken in subtitles or in a foreign language. The qualifier |lineX=no will remove quotation marks from the line in question as well as the italics, allowing the user to add a description of actions taken concurrent with a quote, if necessary, or to add other unusual text effects.
Guri was a Human replica droid, designed to be an almost perfect replica of a Human female, and the only one of her kind engineered as an assassin. She was created around 7 BBY by the Imperial researchers Simonelle and Massad Thrumble for Prince Xizor, head of the Black Sun crime syndicate. After being sold to Xizor for nine million credits, Guri served as his lieutenant and was one of the few individuals the necessarily paranoid crime lord believed he could trust. Xizor left Guri to attend to much of the day to day running of Black Sun and many incorrectly assumed that she was the leader of the syndicate. Guri also served as an assassin, eliminating several of Xizor's enemies, including Imperial Advisor Fendrilon Koozar, the Ubese bounty hunter Boushh and the leaders of the rival company Ororo Transportation.
On August 6, 2018, The New York Times reported that Favreau's Star Wars series, which would be produced for Disney's new streaming service, was expected to cost around $100 million for 10 episodes. In an email to The New York Times, Favreau stated that the service would allow for the opportunity to tell stories that go for several chapters.[25] On October 26, 2018, it was reported that the rumored Boba Fett film had been scrapped, with Lucasfilm instead focusing on The Mandalorian.[26] On November 13, 2018, Pedro Pascal was reported to be in negotiations to play the lead role in the series.[27] The next day, Gina Carano was announced to have joined the cast according to Variety.[28] On November 30, Variety again reported that Nick Nolte had been added to the show's cast.[29] On December 12, Lucasfilm officially announced the cast, confirming Pascal's, Carano's, and Nolte's casting, along with Giancarlo Esposito, Emily Swallow, Carl Weathers, Omid Abtahi, and Werner Herzog.[7]
After the Battle of Hoth, Solo sought refuge with Organa&#8212;with whom he had fallen in love&#8212;Chewbacca, and C-3PO on Cloud City, which was operated by his old friend Lando Calrissian. There, they were captured by the Sith Lord Darth Vader as part of a trap to bait Skywalker to the city. Solo was frozen in carbonite and taken to Jabba's Palace on Tatooine by the bounty hunter Boba Fett, where he remained encased in carbonite for months until he was rescued by his friends. After returning to the Alliance Fleet, Solo was promoted to the rank of general and was given command of the Pathfinders, a special forces squad, for the Battle of Endor. Solo led the Pathfinders to Endor, where he, Organa, Chewbacca, and the special forces team, with the help of the native Ewoks, destroyed the shield generator protecting the second Death Star that was being constructed in orbit. Their actions allowed the Alliance Fleet to destroy the superweapon.
The following three years would see Clone Wars rage across the galaxy with the Separatists rapidly attempting to bring the Republic to its knees. Unknown to the majority of the galaxy, however, the war was merely a ploy&#8212;Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, the leader of the Republic, was a Sith Lord called Darth Sidious, who controlled the Separatists through Dooku, and therefore influenced both sides in the war. By 19 BBY, the Confederacy suffered several major defeats in the Outer Rim Sieges as the end of the war approached. After Dooku's death, the Separatist Council was executed on Mustafar. With the subsequent shutdown of the droid army, the state rapidly collapsed as the war came to an end. Following the end of hostilities, trade groups that had supported the cause were nationalized, and most of its remaining star systems rejoined the Republic's successor state; the Galactic Empire, whether voluntarily or under threat while some elements fragmented into several holdouts.
The Pulas was a fist-sized, black-colored crystal that had forty facets. The relic radiated dark side energy and was considered to be a Sith artifact.[1]
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
The driving goal behind WookieeProject: The Old Republic is the improvement and maintainance of Wookieepedia articles related to the LucasArts MMORPG Star Wars: The Old Republic. The announcement of the game inspired a multi-platform, multimedia project that comprises novels, comic books, and other media. This project includes all of these various forms of media within its scope. Specific works within The Old Republic timeframe can be found in the novel series and comic series. The project also covers topics related to the material released via the official site's HoloNet feature.
Black Sun was a criminal syndicate that came into prominence during the Clone Wars as the Jedi Order focused more on military affairs and less on law enforcement. Black Sun was allied with the Shadow Collective and its leader Darth Maul. The syndicate maintained bases on Mustafar and Ord Mantell and had many of the Falleen species as members.
Age of Resistance - Captain Phasma 1, Age of Resistance - Finn 1, Star Wars: Poe Dameron, Star Wars Resistance, Age of Resistance - Kylo Ren 1, Phasma, Star Wars: Captain Phasma, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: Allegiance, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 2, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Spark of the Resistance, The Last Jedi: Bomber Command, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, Resistance Reborn
Under the command of Darth Decimus, Darth Acharon and Darth Hadra, the Imperial Military and the Imperial Guard began to crush the native resistance, but the forces of the Republic soon arrived and established a foothold in the Blastfield Shipyards on the outskirts of Corellia's capital, Coronet City. The once pristine metropolis, already ravaged by war, quickly became a battlefield as Republic and Imperial forces fought for control, with both sides aided by native corporations and groups of mercenaries. Both forces suffered heavy losses as the conflict continued, with powerful Jedi and Sith falling to battle and betrayal&#8212;but Darth Decimus believed victory was within his grasp after Jedi Master Arfan Ramos and the rest of the Green Jedi Council were killed when an Imperial strike force stormed the Green Jedi Enclave.
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
During a scouting party, the Resistance pilot Kazuda Xiono and former Imperial pilot Griff Halloran discovered the abandoned village. While exploring the caves, they were captured by the Aeosians, who believed them to be a threat. The Aeosian Queen believed that the Colossus was the same ship that had attacked their village. She authorized an attack on the Colossus and wanted to feed Xiono, Halloran, and their droids CB-23 and R5-G9 to her winged krakavora.[3]
Kijimi was a frigid mountainous planet located in the Bryx sector of the galaxy's Mid Rim. It was the homeworld of Zorii Bliss, leader of the smuggling gang known as the Spice Runners of Kijimi. During their journey around the galaxy to uncover Jedi artifacts, Karr Nuq Sin and RZ-7 briefly stopped at Kijimi City to refuel the yacht Avadora. Whilst on Kijimi, Sin was questioned by the First Order as they believed he had a clue to finding the Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. In 35 ABY, Kijimi was obliterated by a Xyston-class Star Destroyer of the Final Order's Sith Eternal fleet.
An ancient Sith cave was located among[3] the Gahenn Plains[1] on the volcanic Outer Rim Territories planet[4] of Mustafar and served as a locus for the dark side of the Force. Situated deep beneath Mustafar's fiery surface[5] and housing a Sith shrine,[6] the cave resided in the course of a river of lava, which flowed through and dropped out of the cave as a lava fall. The cave's interior featured various markings on its walls, as well as a round rock table formed at its center.[5]
The Death Star II, also known as the Death Star MK. 2, DS-2, or simply the second Death Star, was a partially completed moon-sized battle station constructed by the Galactic Empire as the successor to the Death Star. It was larger and more powerful than the first Death Star. Like the first Death Star, the Death Star II's long-term purpose was to terrorize planets and star systems in league with the Rebel Alliance through the use of its planet-destroying superlaser. However, the Death Star II also served another purpose: luring the Rebels into a battle that would, the Empire hoped, destroy them once and for all. Though designed to be very similar in appearance and function to the first Death Star, the second Death Star improved on its predecessor's design by incorporating millions of millimeter-sized heat-dispersion tubes in place of the two-meter-wide thermal exhaust port exploited by the Rebel Alliance at the Battle of Yavin.
A native of the Mid Rim planet Naboo, Sheev Palpatine was born around 84 BBY during the last century of the Galactic Republic. Inherently gifted with the Force, he became Darth Sidious during his apprenticeship under Darth Plagueis. But the Rule of Two dictated that only two Sith Lords could exist at any given time; therefore Sidious killed his Sith Master and took Darth Maul as his first disciple in the dark side of the Force. As Palpatine, he cultivated a political career on the Core World Coruscant, serving as his homeworld's representative in the galactic capital. Driven by a desire for greater power, Sidious manipulated the Trade Federation into a dispute with the Royal House of Naboo, resulting in a chain of events that led to his election as Supreme Chancellor in 32 BBY. Taking Darth Tyranus as his new apprentice, Sidious spent a decade fomenting political unrest until entire star systems seceded from the Republic to form the Confederacy of Independent Systems. The ensuing Clone Wars commenced in 22 BBY, spreading conflict across the galaxy and strengthening Chancellor Palpatine's control of the government and military. When the Jedi moved to arrest him, having learned of his true identity, Sidious commanded the clone troopers to execute Order 66, turning the entire Grand Army of the Republic against its Jedi Generals. Shortly afterward, the Republic was officially reorganized into the first Galactic Empire, with Sidious becoming the self-proclaimed Emperor in 19 BBY.
Wookieepedia strives to be the most accurate Star Wars resource in existence, and to achieve this we have to say where we get our information from. This applies to images as well. When uploading an image, please be sure to tell us where you found it in the "Summary" section of the upload page.
Born in 896 BBY, Yoda was almost nine hundred years old in the latter days of the Republic. A leading member of the Jedi High Council, his contemporaries included other legendary Masters such as Mace Windu and Ki-Adi-Mundi. During the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY, the maverick Qui-Gon Jinn introduced Anakin Skywalker to the High Council, believing with absolute certainty that he had discovered the prophesied Chosen One. The Jedi elders sensed that the boy was full of fear and anger and declined to train him, deeming Skywalker too old and emotionally compromised to commit himself to the Jedi Code. After Jinn's death during the liberation of Naboo, the High Council reversed their decision in spite of Yoda's continued opposition to Skywalker's apprenticeship, having sensed grave danger in his training. At the same time, the Jedi discovered that their ancient nemesis, the Sith, had returned after a millennium in hiding. Aware of the Rule of Two, Yoda was convinced that at least one more Sith Lord remained active following Obi-Wan Kenobi's victory over the Sith apprentice Darth Maul.
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
While en route to Geonosis, Vader brought in his J-type 327 Nubian starship to aid in the latter stages of the mission. Soon thereafter, the Ark Angel set down near the entrance to the Karina's lair, while Aphra sent Triple-Zero and Beetee into a cavern to scout out the most direct route to Karina's chamber. Vader had been to Geonosis several times before during the Clone Wars while still a Jedi, and being on the red-desert world brought up painful memories of his deceased wife, so he ordered Aphra&#8212;who had been asking Vader personal questions&#8212;to be silent as they, too, entered the catacombs to steal the droid factory.[5]
The blockade was incredibly successful and choked commerce in the Republic's private sector and prevented military wares from reaching battlefields along the Hydian Way. The Core Worlds were thrown into an economic crisis, and the Republic's Galactic Senate was deadlocked on a proper course of action. After much deliberation, the High Council of the Jedi Order consented to give aid by dispatching squadrons of Jedi pilots to confront the Mandalorian warships. Despite their strategies and Force talents, the Jedi fighter squadrons were handily defeated in an operation that was widely seen as a resounding failure. News of the Jedi defeat caused widespread panic and rioting on the Republic's capital world of Coruscant, where impoverished peoples in the lower levels of the planet-spanning Galactic City were beginning to suffer from starvation as a result of the supply crisis.
The series follows a motley group of rebels who live aboard the starship Ghost as they fight against the evil Galactic Empire. The rebels include Ezra Bridger, a young orphan from Lothal who learns he can use the Force; Kanan Jarrus, a Jedi who survived Order 66; Hera Syndulla, a Twi'lek pilot and veteran resistance fighter; Sabine Wren, a Mandalorian explosives expert; Garazeb "Zeb" Orrelios, a Lasat warrior; and the cantankerous astromech droid C1-10P, also known as Chopper. The crew will eventually help give rise to the Rebel Alliance.
Krix was a Trandoshan male hunter and pilot during the Clone Wars. He was a member of a Trandoshan guild that captured sentient beings for the purpose of hunting and killing them on a game reserve on the moon of Wasskah. In 20 BBY, Krix partook in a series of hunts that were to serve as the first of guild boss Garnac's son, Dar. Krix witnessed Dar's initiation ceremony, but the young hunter was killed the following day by Ahsoka Tano, one of the Trandoshans' prisoners.
With the Republic force on Serroco decimated by the bombs destroying their camps&#8212;their missile-defense systems were not active, and thus only eight ships on the surface were able to make a getaway&#8212;Admiral Karath was left with no choice but to retreat and find a place to make a stand.[3] With the Courageous group on the run, the Mandalorians pursued Karath and his forces through the lanes between Serroco and[13] the banking world of[14] Telerath. Karath was hoping to make it to the planet Myrkr or the Ryyk Nebula, where he could merge his forces with the Tremendous battle group in the region, but faced major difficulties. Karath had sworn that he would not allow the Mandalorians to take any of the ships in his flotilla without a fight, and the Courageous saw plenty of action to this end.[13] The Mandalorians finally caught up to the Courageous in deep space, severely damaging the Courageous and boarding the listing vessel. Karath, Onasi, and Commander Dallan Morvis were still alive, and made the decision that they had to scuttle the vessel. Faced with Neo-Crusader Shock Troopers pouring into the ship, the three retreated from the bridge under heavy fire, with Onasi narrowly saving Admiral Karath from a direct attack.[7]
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
Born in 102 BBY during the Age of the Republic, Dooku was taken by the Jedi Order after being abandoned by his family and learned the Jedi arts as the Padawan of Yoda, the legendary Grand Master of the Jedi Order. A political idealist, the corruption in the Galactic Senate&#8212;as well as the traditions of the Jedi&#8212;disillusioned him, causing Dooku to voluntarily leave the Order and return to his homeworld where he reclaimed his title and heritage as a nobleman. His former peers believed his decision was misguided but still held him in high esteem. Unknown to the Jedi, however, Dooku not only renounced their ways but his commitment to the light side of the Force as well. Having sworn his allegiance to Darth Sidious, Dooku became the Dark Lord's apprentice and adopted the secret name of Darth Tyranus. Throughout the first decade of Sheev Palpatine's chancellery, Dooku used his resources and charisma to recruit entire star systems to the Separatist cause. At the same time, he oversaw the development of two vast armies that would be pitted against each other in the conflict to come: the Separatist Droid Army, which consisted entirely of battle droids manufactured on Geonosis; and the Grand Army of the Republic, composed by clone troopers bred on Kamino and modeled on the bounty hunter Jango Fett.
Mon Mothma was born in 46 BBY into a political family; her father was an arbiter-general in the Galactic Republic, and her mother was a governor on their homeworld of Chandrila.[2]
The Battle of Serroco was an engagement during the Mandalorian Wars between the Galactic Republic and the Mandalorian Neo-Crusaders in the year 3963 BBY. Anticipating that the Mandalorians would move on the muddy planet Serroco in the Expansion Region, Republic Navy Admiral Saul Karath assembled a battle group and moved to defend the world. The Navy decide to place their camps next to Serroco's Stereb cities, betting that the Mandalorians would not want to risk wrecking the cities and depriving themselves of the loot to be found within&#8212;they were wrong. When the Mandalorians arrived, their chief, Mandalore the Ultimate, deemed the Republic tactic "without honor" and unleashed a barrage of nuclear bombs that destroyed the Stereb cities. With Serroco devastated, Karath marshaled his remaining forces and retreated, hoping to link up with reinforcements further away from shattered Serroco. The Mandalorians pursued, finally catching up to Karath's flagship, the Courageous, in deep space. The Courageous was severely damaged and boarded, and Admiral Karath barely escaped with his life. The destruction of Serroco was decried as an atrocity and a crime by the Republic, and Serroco's memory became a rallying cry for the Republic throughout the rest of the war.
This sense of panic&#8212;part of the Sith Emperor's plan to destabilize the galaxy&#8212;was only amplified when the Galactic Senate of the Republic failed to compose a comprehensive defense strategy at an emergency congressional session. Republic leaders disagreed over how the Sith threat should be treated. Some advocated for patient and calculated responses, arguing that the Empire was no different from the many other minor upstart societies that had previously tried to challenge the Republic. Others, including the High Council of the Jedi Order, insisted that the Empire needed to be dealt with swiftly. However, even among these advocates of decisive action, there was disagreement. Senators who feared for the safety of their own worlds protested decisions that left their constituencies undefended against the Sith, resulting in messy deliberations and unnavigable political gridlock. When the negotiations collapsed, diplomatic allies withdrew military support, leaving most Republic sectors to fend for themselves[4] and the people of the Republic in an even greater state of fear.[1]
The droid subsequently sought to be a free individual, and he took to administering medical assistance to the wounded of both the Confederacy and the Republic. While bandaging up the injured Republic trooper Gunner, Coppertop encountered Jedi General Obi-Wan Kenobi and Clone Commander CC-2224, and the droid explained to them his origins. However, shortly afterward, Kenobi and the clones were attacked by the Dark Jedi Asajj Ventress and the bounty hunter Cyreltov, who sought to recover the droid on Dooku's behalf. Not wanting to be the cause of any further violence, Coppertop surrendered to Ventress, then disabled himself using Cyreltov's deactivator pistol.
During the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire, a male Jedi Master proved himself worthy to be granted the title of "Barsen'thor," a Cerean word meaning "Warden of the Order." The Jedi was only the third person to attain the prestigious rank in the history of the Jedi Order, and the first one to receive it in thousands of years. Found as a child to be gifted with an incredibly deep innate connection with the Force, the future Barsen'thor followed the path of a Jedi Consular, training under Jedi Master Yuon Par on the ancestral Jedi world of Tython. During his training in 3643 BBY, Master Par's Padawan was instrumental in finding the fabled Fount of Rajivari, an ancient repository of knowledge, and he stopped the corrupted Twi'lek Force-sensitive Nalen Raloch from destroying the Forge, a machine used by the ancient Jedi to create lightsabers.
The film, which began production in August 2015, is set between Revenge of the Sith and Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope. It is set closer to the latter film and focuses on the formation of the Rebel Alliance and their efforts to steal the plans to the Death Star, an event that was referenced in the opening crawl of A New Hope. Jyn Erso, played by Jones, and a group of other characters band together to steal the plans from the Galactic Empire. Edwards has described the film as a grounded, war-based movie, one in which normal people have to come together to fight the Empire as opposed to relying on the Jedi or the Force.
Shortly after the rise of the Galactic Empire, the newly-christened Sith Lord Darth Vader traveled to the Sith cave to use its energy to bleed a kyber crystal in the construction of his own lightsaber. Vader later decided to build a fortress over the cave that could channel the power of the dark side in order to resurrect his deceased wife, Padmé Amidala. Using designs obtained from the ancient Sith Lord Momin, whose spirit was trapped within an artifact, Vader constructed a massive obsidian castle over the cave that would serve as his personal residence.
Dameron visited Castilon briefly with CB-23 to check up on Xiono and take him flying. CB-23 piloted a T-70 X-wing starfighter, which Xiono was loaned. On the flight, the pilots and droids came across a derelict Darius G-class freighter in an asteroid field near the planet, and investigated. CB-23 and BB-8 initially didn't get along very well during the search, but bonded after BB-8 got rid of a Kowakian monkey-lizard bothering CB-23. Afterwards, she located a survivor onboard the ship, Synara San, directing Xiono to the crate she had hidden in. After the return to Castilon, she and BB-8 waved goodbye to each other before she and Dameron left in the X-wings.[2]
Wookieepedia is a Star Wars encyclopedia written collaboratively by its readers, who are known as Wookieepedians. The site is a wiki, meaning that anyone, including you, can edit almost any article right now by clicking on the Edit link that appears at the top of the page.
It has been three years since the events of Attack of the Clones. The Galactic Republic is in the midst of the epic war with the Confederacy of Independent Systems under the leadership of Count Dooku, who is also the Sith Lord, Darth Tyranus. The Confederacy's cyborg military leader, General Grievous of the Separatist Droid Army, has infiltrated Coruscant and captured Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate.
Ruescott Melshi was a human male sergeant in the Alliance to Restore the Republic Special Forces during the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire. A close friend of Rebel Alliance Intelligence Service Captain Cassian Andor, Melshi was a veteran soldier and a respected commander, leading his troops by personal example. In 0 BBY, when the Alliance learned about the existence of the Empire's Death Star superweapon, Melshi led a rebel extraction team during the rescue of Jyn Erso&#8212;daughter of Galen Erso, the Death Star project's chief engineer&#8212;from a labor camp on the planet Wobani.
The Jedi Order was a noble, religious order of protectors united in their devotion to the light side of the Force. With a history dating back thousands of years before the rise of the Galactic Empire, the Jedi Knights&#8212;noted for their lightsabers and natural ability to harness the powers of the Force&#8212;stood as the guardians of peace and justice in the Galactic Republic. Originally established on Ahch-To in the Unknown Regions, the Jedi Temple on the Core World Coruscant served as the hub of all Jedi activity in the galaxy during the Republic Era. The Temple was also a training school for younglings and Padawans, who learned the ways of the Force under the supervision of Jedi Masters, twelve of whom were elected to serve on the Jedi High Council&#8212;the Order's highest governing authority. The High Council's staff officers were the Grand Master, a title reserved for the wisest Jedi Master, and the Master of the Order, who served as the Council's appointed leader. The Jedi Code governed the Order's way of life; therefore, every Jedi was duty-bound to observe and uphold the Code or else risk banishment from the Order's ranks.
With the death of Emperor Palpatine at the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY, the Rebel Alliance fulfilled its mandate by reorganizing itself into the New Republic. Modeled on the principles of its predecessor, the Republic strove to bury Palpatine's New Order by restoring democracy after an era of Imperial rule. The Republic ultimately won the Galactic Civil War; after the Battle of Jakku, the Empire formally surrendered in 5 ABY by signing a peace treaty known as the Galactic Concordance. With the war concluded and the Empire fragmented into various remnants controlled by several warlords&#8212;while a powerless, pro-Republic provisional government based on the former Imperial capital of Coruscant was installed&#8212;the Republic's armed forces were significantly reduced through the Military Disarmament Act. As a result, the Republic promoted the training of planetary defense forces for security as well as a reconstruction program to rebuild the worlds that were ravaged by the war. Even at the height of its power, the Republic was only a fraction of the size of its predecessors and relied on egalitarian policies to remain on friendly terms with the neutral star systems.
A thousand years before the First Order–Resistance conflict,[4] Kanata became reputed as a "pirate queen," giving credits, equipment, and connections to young smugglers,[3] often allowing them a day in her home for free or a long-term stay for rent.[10] She held sway over over a thousand ports when the Galactic Republic was still young.[11] In addition to hosting smugglers and pirates, Kanata housed traveling musicians,[12] and she hired a majordomo who oversaw the castle's activities and a kitchen crew headed by the Artiodac chef Strono Tuggs, who stayed with Kanata's castle for centuries.[13] Unlike her chef, however, Kanata spent centuries of her life traveling the galaxy, collecting antiques and other treasures.[12] She kept her collection of countless trinkets in the storehouses and vaults of her castle, and she protected items that spoke to her through the Force, believing that relics from the past could impact the future.[14] While living on Tatooine, Anakin Skywalker was known to have acquired a small statue of Kanata from a passing trader and it was present in his home when Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn came to Tatooine during the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY.[8][15] At some point, Kanata was part of the Free Fleet.[11]
Daiman, with suspicions of Odion's involvement in the destruction of the facility, plotted to ambush his brother. He brought Ka'hane to his fortress, the Sanctum Celestial, where he contacted the Quermian Ayanos Bactra, a neutral Sith Lord who preferred to gain power through corporate bureaucracy rather than military might. Daiman had recently allowed one of Bactra's corporations, Industrial Heuristics, to recruit students from Darkknell and elsewhere in his territory&#8212;known as the Daimanate&#8212;in exchange for the fruits of the students' research. Daiman requested an arxeum, a mobile university dedicated to the science of war, as well as recruits that Industrial Heuristics had taken from the Daimanate. In exchange, Daiman granted Bactra safe passage through the Daimanate to strike at Vellas Pavo, a gadolinium-rich planet. Bactra agreed to deliver the arxeum and the students to the volcanic world of Gazzari,[1] on the frontier of Daiman's border with the Odionate&#8212;Odion's territory.[3] Intending to lure Odion to Gazzari, Daiman allowed Ka'hane to listen in on his conversation with Bactra and secretly ordered the bonds holding the Bothan spy to be loosened, so that Ka'hane could escape and tell Odion what he had overheard. With the help of Holt, who sneaked into the Sanctum with Ka'hane's Mark VI, the Bothan fled and told his master of Daiman's plans.[1]
An Echo of Victory, Age of Resistance - Poe Dameron 1, Kidnapped!, Star Wars: Poe Dameron, Robot Resistance, Star Wars Resistance, All Aces Battle Royale, The Core Problem, Join the Resistance: Escape from Vodran, Poe Dameron: Flight Log, Rose Knows, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, The Last Jedi Adaptation 1, Resistance Reborn, Allegiance 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Spark of the Resistance, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
Lucasfilm Ltd. identifies the six films of the original trilogy and prequel trilogy, and the Star Wars: The Clone Wars television series as the "immovable objects of Star Wars history, the characters and events to which all other tales must align." The following list identifies what is now considered official canon. This section may require updating as Lucasfilm releases new updates.
Rogue One stars Felicity Jones, Diego Luna, Ben Mendelsohn, Riz Ahmed, Donnie Yen, Jiang Wen, Forest Whitaker, Mads Mikkelsen, and Alan Tudyk. Genevieve O'Reilly reprises her role as Mon Mothma, the leader of the Rebel Alliance; O'Reilly portrayed the character for 2005's Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith, but her scenes were cut. The film also features Darth Vader.
BL-17 was one of the few Battle Legionnaires to survive the Republic victory at Norval II. Run down but still functional, the droid was later found by the bounty hunter Boba Fett during the early years of the Galactic Empire. Fett, who also had a Mandalorian heritage, recognized the battle droid's potential and made BL-17 his aide.[4]
This space is used for discussion relating to changes to the article, not for a discussion about the topic in question.  For general questions about the article's topic, please visit the Knowledge Bank. Please remember to stay civil and sign all of your comments with four tildes (~~~~). Click here to start a new topic.
Some articles would benefit greatly with the addition of one or more images. You can find articles that have been requested to be enhanced with an image here. To add an image to an article you must first upload the image, also including the image's source and licensing. Here is the list of uploaded files and here the gallery of the most recent files. Here you can see a list of images that need clean up. Here you can find a picture tutorial that tells you how to insert and modify an image inside an article. If the article has an image request tag, don't forget to remove it once you add the image.
The Talisman of the Raven was a ring used by the Nightsisters of Dathomir as a Talisman of Transformation that allowed the user to assume the form of a raven. According to Mother Talzin, who led the united clans of Nightsisters during the Clone Wars, the Talisman would tap into the prime raven spirit in the spirit world and lend its powers to the user. Originally held under the custodianship of a Shaman of the Nightsisters, it was stolen by Sister Charal, one of the Dathomiri witches. She fled to the moon Endor and never returned the Talisman to the coven.
In 1032 BBY[2] during the second Charge Matrica, the Bothan spy Narsk Ka'hane, who secretly worked for the Sith Lord Vilia Calimondra, was hired by Calimondra's grandson, the Sith Lord Odion. Odion ordered Ka'hane to gather information on Odion's younger brother Daiman's starship, Convergence, which was under construction at the Daimanate Dynamic Testing Facility on the planet Darkknell, and, subsequently, to destroy the ship. Using a Cyricept Personal Concealment System, Mark VI stealth suit, Ka'hane infiltrated the testing facility and downloaded the Convergence's technical readouts onto a datapad. Leaving several baradium thermal charges with the ship, Ka'hane left the facility. However, he was spotted by Jedi Knight Kerra Holt, who hoped to obtain the Mark VI for her own use against Daiman. After a chase through the streets of the city Xakrea, Holt incapacitated Ka'hane and activated his remote detonator, which caused the destruction of the testing facility. Taking Ka'hane's Mark VI and detonator, Holt left the Bothan in a garbage bin, where he was captured by Daiman's police, the Correctors.[1]
Within the Museum of Dark Side Antiquities on the Republic capital world of Coruscant[2] was an exhibit[1] titled The Dark Lords of the Sith. The presentation was in a cordoned-off section[3] of the Museum's Sith Hall, which was more than forty levels below Coruscant's cityscape.[2] While the entirety of the exposition was dedicated to the ancient Sith Empire and the namesake species, a particular area concerned the history of its rulers: the infamous Dark Lords of the Sith. The presentation featured many tables and display cases replete with weapons, books, and various other types of artifacts that once belonged to the Dark Lords. Several of the heirlooms radiated with the power of the dark side of the Force, and Force-sensitive beings within close proximity to them were able to sense their potency. Earthenware sculptures lined the exhibit's walls and adorned the halls, and included informational placards that gave insight into the forgotten splendor of the Dark Lords of the Sith.[1] A separate room temporarily housed piles of old books and Sith amulets that were waiting to be placed in their respective locations. The museum curator intended to further augment the exhibit with special lighting effects and holographic projections that told stories of the Sith's fabled Golden Age.[3]
As Synara settled to her new life on the Colossus as an undercover pirate, she was torn between her loyalty to Kragan and her new friendships with Colossus residents particularly Xiono and Tamara Ryvora. Synara helped save the Colossus from the rokkna known as Bibo's mother and warn the residents about the kidnapping of Captain Imanuel Doza's daughter Torra Doza. Synara's actions earned Xiono's friendship and he helped her escape from the First Order. Synara returned Kaz's favour by convincing the Warbirds to help the Colossus resistance when the station fled into space.
Tiplee was a red-skinned Mikkian female Jedi Master who, along with her twin sister, Tiplar, served the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars. Tiplee and her sister were commissioned as Jedi Generals in the Grand Army of the Republic, and the two fought in the Battle of Ringo Vinda. During the campaign, Tiplar was murdered by clone trooper CT-5385, nicknamed "Tup," after a malfunction in the clone's control chip that triggered a premature activation of Clone Protocol 66, a Sith-implanted command that forced clones to kill Jedi as traitors. Tiplee was present at the time and watched her sister die.
The film is set about nineteen years after the formation of the Galactic Empire; construction has finished on the Death Star, a weapon capable of destroying a planet. After Princess Leia Organa, a leader of the Rebel Alliance, receives the weapon's plans in the hope of finding a weakness, she is captured and taken to the Death Star. Meanwhile, a young farmer named Luke Skywalker meets Obi-Wan Kenobi, who has lived in seclusion for years on the desert planet of Tatooine. When Luke's home is burned and his aunt and uncle killed, Obi-Wan begins Luke's Jedi training as they&#8212;along with Han Solo, Chewbacca, C-3PO and R2-D2&#8212;attempt to rescue the princess from the Empire.
Believing that the Colossus was safe, Xiono decided to rejoin the Resistance and made arrangements to rendezvous with Norath Kev on Batuu. While flying the starfighter and racer Fireball, Xiono encountered a First Order probe droid. Despite destroying the probe droid, the droid managed to transmit a message to Commander Pyre and Agent Tierny, who were hunting for the Colossus. Realizing that the Colossus was in danger, Xiono aborted his plans to rejoin the Resistance. After CB-23 repaired the Fireball, he returned to warn his fellow residents.[4]
After more than a millennium of exile in the galaxy's Unknown Regions, the ancient Sith Empire returned to galactic notoriety in 3681 BBY[3] in a new and robust form intent on the destruction of the Galactic Republic and the Jedi Order in a conflict that became known as the Great Galactic War. The Sith's leader, known only as the Sith Emperor, led his people in a campaign to secure the Outer Rim Territories in a swift and unforgiving offensive. After highly successful efforts in the Tingel Arm region and the recapture of the Sith's ancestral homeworld of Korriban, the Empire pressed its advantage and widened its offensive.[1] Imperial forces invaded the Minos Cluster and enacted a mass slaughter on the Republic shipyard world of Sluis Van. Meanwhile, the Imperial Armada set its sights on the highly valuable Rimma Trade Route[5] that connected the planet Abregado-rae in the Core Worlds to the distant Outer Rim.[7]
The Proto Droid[2] who in 15 BBY was known both as Proto One[5] and Proto Number 1[2] was originally active before the year 115 BBY.[1][5] After a century of mechanical service, he was discarded by his organic masters. The broken droid rebuilt himself[1] with assorted replacement parts,[6] and his makeshift nature earned him the classification of "junk droid."[1][3] Proto One eventually became the proprietor of a scrapyard on the planet Boonta.[6] At some point before 15 BBY,[5] he met and took a disliking to the BL-series droid BL-17.[1]
By 3996 BBY, the shipyards maintained by the Galactic Republic at Foerost had been established as one of the oldest and most successful starship construction facilities in the galaxy. For hundreds of years, the facility had produced warships for the Republic Navy with raw materials from the surface of Foerost, an uninhabited planet. The vessels built there were prized by the Republic as some of the most advanced warships in their fleets. More than three hundred of the ships, most either newly completed or nearly so, sat relatively unguarded in the shipyards.[1]
A short time after the departure of the Republic Navy, a massive fleet of the Imperial Navy descended upon the planet, intending to bombard it from orbit. Due to a strong planetary shield erected by Republic engineers, the orbital strike failed, but did not dissuade the Sith. Under the command of the Imperial Grand Moff Zellos, the Sith's army landed on the planet and initiated a massive attack against the shield generator. Despite facing overwhelming odds, Master Allusis's small force of Republic defenders held their ground for days, killing numerous Imperial soldiers and embarrassing the Grand Moff. In response, Zellos continued to throw his forces into battle, but this tactic only created greater casualties for his army. By virtue of numbers alone, the Republic's defeat was inevitable, and the defenders' numbers gradually dwindled to just a few dozen. In a bold last stand, Allusis and his surviving troops fought the Imperials at the base of the generator, killing scores of enemies before being slain themselves&#8212;an act that earned them galactic renown as the "Heroes of Bothawui". Despite the annihilation of the defenders, the Empire found itself unable to destroy the shield and hold Bothawui, as its assault force had been largely decimated. As a result of the battle, the Empire halted its incursions into the Mid Rim for a time, and the Sith Emperor was forced to reexamine his strategy. Despite the loss of all the Republic forces on Bothawui, the story of Bothawui's defenders and their determined fight against the Empire inspired many across the Republic, giving birth to new tactics and a new resolve to continue waging the war.
Following family tradition, Wilhuff's grand-uncle Jova Tarkin, along with two other relatives and two Rodian guides, took him on trips to the Carrion Plateau, on which he taught the young survival skills and lessons on the savage wilderness that his ancestors had tamed. After passing a test in which he outwitted a pack of predators at the Carrion Spike, sixteen year-old Tarkin was deemed to have completed his testing on the plateau. Six months after passing this test, Wilhuff's training shifted to space combat. More family members and hired trainers taught him tactics and piloting skills, while admonishing him to apply the lessons he learned as a hunter to control the pirates and lawbreakers of the Outer Rim.[1]
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
Anakin Skywalker, a Force-sensitive human male, was a Jedi Knight of the Galactic Republic and the Chosen One of the Force. During the Clone Wars, his accomplishments as a battlefield commander earned him the Hero With No Fear moniker. After turning to the dark side of the Force, he became known as Darth Vader, a Dark Lord of the Sith and apprentice to Emperor Darth Sidious. As a Sith Lord, Vader turned against his former comrades and hunted the surviving Jedi into near extinction. He became an enforcer of the Galactic Empire, who worked to crush the Alliance to Restore the Republic for opposing his Sith Master's will. Yet despite his actions as Darth Vader, a glimmer of the light side of the Force remained within the former Anakin Skywalker.
A decade after the events of The Phantom Menace, the Galactic Republic is in crisis. A Separatist movement led by former Jedi Master Count Dooku, alias the Sith Lord Darth Tyranus, is threatening the peace, causing the Galactic Senate to debate a Military Creation Act to form a standing army for the Republic's protection. Senator Padmé Amidala, former Queen of Naboo, returns to Coruscant to vote against the Act, even though there are no longer enough Jedi to maintain peace and justice in the galaxy.
Due to the technical limitations inherent to the MediaWiki software, the first letter in an article title must always be a capital letter. Ordinarily, this isn't a problem, but it poses an issue when a proper noun's first letter is lowercase (example: t'landa Til). The first letter of an internal wikilink need not be capitalized and will direct the reader to the same page (example: Lightsaber or lightsaber can be used interchangeably as needed). Also, the magic word {{DISPLAYTITLE:name}} can be used to display the article's name with the first letter in lowercase. (DISPLAYTITLE has advantages over &#123;&#123;Title&#125;&#125; in that the former is a native MediaWiki function as opposed to a JavaScript hack, takes effect as soon as the page comes up instead of after it finishes loading, and also works in your browser's title bar and history.)
A series of political crisis paved the way for the First Order in 29 ABY, having incorporated the Centrists systems that seceded from the New Republic, where they established a military junta that secretly rose to power in the Unknown Regions. Despite the warnings of Senator Leia Organa, who regarded the First Order with suspicion, her colleagues&#8212;some of whom supported the First Order&#8212;rejected any action that would escalate the cold war into a new galactic war. Although the Republic was unwilling to directly confront the First Order, General Armitage Hux accused the Republic of secretly supporting the First Order's enemies, the Resistance, which he used as a pretext to launch a preemptive strike. He therefore ordered the test-firing of the Starkiller superweapon, resulting in the destruction of the Hosnian system, including Hosnian Prime along with the Senate and the New Republic home fleet in 34 ABY. The galactic status quo was irrevocably changed due to the Hosnian Cataclysm, causing many worlds to capitulate to the First Order out of fear while others willingly supported the new regime out of a desire for security. In the aftermath of the New Republic's collapse, the Resistance vowed that the Republic would rise again even as the First Order seized military control over the galaxy. One year later, the First Order began to face revolts as people rose up against them all over the galaxy after the Resistance and their allied fleet won a battle at Exegol against the Final Order, fulfilling the Resistance's goal of being the spark to light the fire to burn down the First Order.
Carrick hitched a ride up to the Courageous on Republic pilot Carth Onasi's[3] short-haul craft,[6] the Deadweight, but upon reaching the bridge was immediately recognized as a wanted fugitive. Karath thought that Carrick was a Mandalorian spy, and refused to heed his warnings. Expecting the Mandalorians to arrive any minute, Karath decided to keep Carrick on the bridge of the Courageous, to show him what the Republic would do to Carrick's "friends"&#8212;sure enough, a Mandalorian battle group featuring a Kandosii-type dreadnaught and several Jehavey'ir-type assault ships emerged from hyperspace. It was small enough of a force to draw Karath's curiosity, as did their holding position at the edge of the Republic force's weapons perimeter. Without further ado, the Mandalorian ships launched a number of nuclear bombs that appeared to be heading for the Republic fleet. As Karath prepared countermeasures, the missiles suddenly changed course and angled around the ships&#8212;they were never aimed at the fleet. Just as Carrick had foreseen, the missiles hit the planet's surface, dealing heavy damage to Serroco's Human settlements[3] and turning the Stereb cities into glass craters.[12]
Emarr Ottkreg was a male colonel and loyalty officer for the Imperial Security Bureau who was stationed aboard the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Vigilance during the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY. Strongly disliked by the Vigilance's admiral, Rae Sloane, Ottkreg questioned her tactics as she gave orders during the battle while he personally watched the fighting on the Star Destroyer's holotank. Ottkreg greatly enjoyed watching the destruction of the Rebel Alliance on the hologram but began trying to give orders to the crew once the battle started turning against the Empire. Realizing the Empire had lost and that the Death Star II was going to be destroyed, Sloane shot and killed Ottkreg rather than arguing with him when she ordered a retreat.
The Alliance Fleet,[10] with L'ampar in his A-wing and using the callsign of Green Two,[4] exited hyperspace above the forest moon of Endor, approaching the superweapon.[10] On the moon's surface the Pathfinders, an Alliance Special Forces unit,[4] were attempting to disable the Death Star's shield by destroying its shield generator, but when the Alliance Fleet arrived, the shield was still up and&#8212;previously unknown to the Rebellion&#8212;the superweapon was fully operational.[10]
Attack of the Clones was the first Star Wars film to use a high-definition digital 24-frame system for most of the its live-action scenes. The film was a financial success, grossing over $600 million at the worldwide box office. However, for the first time, a Star Wars film did not earn the highest box-office sales for the year; Attack of the Clones ended up fourth behind The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and Spider-Man.
If you would like to contribute to Wookieepedia as a member of this project, please take a look at our mission and other articles of quality, such as those that have attained Featured, Good, or comprehensive status. If you ultimately decide to join, please add your name at the bottom of this page under the "participants" section.
R2-D2, pronounced Artoo-Detoo and often referred to as R2 (Artoo), was an R2 series astromech droid manufactured by Industrial Automaton with masculine programming. A smart, spunky droid serving a multitude of masters over its lifetime, R2 never had a full memory wipe (apart from a partial mind-wipe by Cad Bane during the buildup to the senate hostage crisis) nor has he received new programming, with these factors resulting in an adventurous and independent attitude. Oftentimes finding himself in pivotal moments in galactic history, his bravery and ingenuity saved the galaxy time and time again.
The Galactic Republic, commonly known as the Republic and remembered as the Old Republic, was a federal parliamentary republic comprising thousands of worlds spread across the galaxy. Adhering to a democratic constitution, the Republic was governed by a legislative body of two thousand senators, known as the Galactic Senate, appointed to represent the interests of their respective homeworlds on the galactic stage. It was led by the Supreme Chancellor, who was chosen from among the Senate's ranks to arbitrate congressional sessions and represent the Republic as a whole. Coruscant, a planetary ecumenopolis located in the Core Worlds, was the Republic's capital, and therefore, where the Senate was headquartered.
During the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire, Jedi Master Orgus Din's former apprentice and the Padawan Kira Carsen dueled the Sith Lord Tarnis in the ruins of the Jedi Temple. In 3643 BBY, during a mission to rescue the Republic scientist "Doctor Eli Tarnis" from the Black Sun criminal syndicate, Din's fomer student&#8212;now a Jedi Knight&#8212;learned that the scientist was in fact a Sith Lord, and that he had stolen the Planet Prison superweapon in an attempt to unleash it upon the Republic capital of Coruscant.
The blockade continued for a year until 3660 BBY, when the Mirialan smuggler Hylo Visz recognized it as an opportunity for profit. Together with a band of her fellow smugglers and financial backing from the Hutt Cartel, Visz arranged for a fleet of freighters to be loaded with much-needed goods from the Outer Rim Territories. The smugglers piloted the cargo haulers towards the blockade, and while the Mandalorians were distracted by the apparently defenseless shipping vessels, Visz and her allies attacked with a fleet of smuggling vessels. Their ambush was soon joined by Republic reinforcements that helped to overwhelm the Mandalorian cruisers. The blockade was ultimately broken in the engagement, and Hylo Visz was able to bring her goods to Coruscant, where she was greeted as a hero. Despite the victory, the Republic was irreparably inundated following the blockade and continued to suffer heavy losses throughout the war as a result.
TX-828, known to his comrades as "Torrent," was a clone who was bred in the final years of the Galactic Republic. Following the formation of the Galactic Empire, TX-828 served as a sergeant in the Stormtrooper Corps and worked with Imperial Security Bureau Senior Commander Alecia Beck. By 0 BBY, TX-828 and Beck began tracking the Shrikes, special operatives in the Rebel Alliance, eventually locating the group on the planet Taanab. In 0 ABY, TX-828 led an ambush against the Shrikes, but one, Caluan Ematt, escaped.
The rebels soon arrived at the spice mines of Kessel, where their ship, the Ghost, fired upon the Imperial stormtroopers guarding the slaves. The rebels were able to make it into the mine and attack the stormtroopers, during which time they freed the prisoners. They were confronted by Kallus and his troops, who opened fire on the rebels and the Wookiees. As the Ghost engaged in battle with TIE fighters, the rebel leader, Kanan Jarrus, ignited his lightsaber and revealed himself as a Jedi who had survived the destruction of the Jedi Order. While Jarrus and other members of his crew secured most of the Wookiees, Bridger went in pursuit of the Wookiee child Kitwarr, who was being chased by a stormtrooper. Jarrus saved them both from Agent Kallus, and the Ghost fled from Kessel with the Wookiees, freeing them from captivity.
Many articles reference topics that haven't been addressed in Wookieepedia yet, creating redlinks. Some reference many such topics; these articles are less useful to our users, because much of the related information they might want to seek is unavailable. It is helpful to create new articles to fill in the gaps of these articles with an excess of redlinks; you can find such articles here. Don't forget to remove the redlink tag from the original article once the majority of the links have been filled in.
For Round 2 of our Main Page changes, we've totally overhauled the navigation feature to move it out of the dropdown so that people can actually see it. We've greatly expanded it with additional sections and added a dropdown visual element. Other minor changes were made to the Random status article box, and the "Hide" feature was implemented for all of the MP's templates. Cade did most of the legwork, so I'll let him detail anything else I've missed. Feel free to comment. Toprawa and Ralltiir (talk) 00:33, April 12, 2014 (UTC)
The Plaque of Victory was a triangular-shaped metal ingot, containing an entity that fed on the life-force and emotions of other living beings and existed solely to bring about the destruction and downfall of those with whom it came into contact. While not being capable of actively harming a living being&#8212;being an inanimate object&#8212;the Plaque was able to manipulate and influence individuals around it, causing them to experience heightened feelings of aggression, suspicion, and paranoia toward one another. The resulting feelings would culminate in increasing levels of violence and homicidal behavior.
The Knights were garbed in black robes and armor; they purposely shielded their faces with masks and battle helms to inspire fear in their victims. Some of the Knights used vibro weapons like Ushar's war club, Ap'lek's Mandalorian executioner vibro-ax, Vicrul's scythe and Trudgen's vibrocleaver, while Cardo and Kuruk favored ranged weapons such as an arm cannon and a blaster rifle. Unlike the Knights, Kylo possessed his own lightsaber, as did his predecessor.
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
With the return of Darth Sidious, the Sith Lord known to the galaxy as Emperor Palpatine, Rey set out to find the dark world of Exegol and prevent the Sith from being reborn. It was through Ren that Rey discovered her origins as the Emperor's granddaughter, and upon confronting Sidious in person, she was nearly swayed to the dark side of the Force. Rey was saved, however, by a redeemed Ben Solo, who ultimately renounced the dark persona of Kylo Ren. Aided by the spirits of all the Jedi, Rey died vanquishing her dark grandfather, causing Solo to make the ultimate sacrifice in order to bring Rey back to life. The two embraced and shared a kiss as Solo died peacefully in Rey's arms. Although Solo's death ended the Skywalker bloodline, Rey assumed the Skywalker surname to honor the family's legacy.
Mon Mothma was a human female politician and revolutionary leader who served in the Galactic Senate and Imperial Senate as the representative of Chandrila, the leader of the Alliance to Restore the Republic, and the first Chancellor of the New Republic. Mothma came to political prominence during the Separatist Crisis and the Clone Wars when, along with such allies as Senators Bail Organa and Padmé Amidala, she became an outspoken proponent of peace between the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy of Independent Systems. She also spoke out against the increase in executive power given to Supreme Chancellor Palpatine, who transformed the Republic into the Empire at the war's end.
Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
Secretly constructed in orbit around the forest moon of Endor, the Death Star II was larger than its 160-kilometer-wide predecessor and was constructed using more efficient methods. Positioned in synchronous orbit above Endor, the battle station was protected by a deflector shield projected by a ground-based shield generator. With the superlaser being the main priority, the weapon was completed by 4 ABY while the rest of the superstructure was still under construction. After the Empire secretly leaked the location of the "incomplete" second Death Star to Bothan spies working for the Rebellion, the Alliance Fleet arrived at Endor and were shocked to find the superlaser fully operational. In the ensuing battle, Rebel ground forces managed to destroy the shield generator protecting the Death Star, allowing Rebel starships to infiltrate the battle station's reactor core and destroy the station. Combined with the deaths of Emperor Sheev Palpatine and his apprentice, the Sith Lord Darth Vader, the destruction of the second Death Star was a significant defeat for the Empire. Within a year, the fractured Empire formally surrendered to the Rebellion's recently introduced government, the New Republic. What remained of the battle station fell on the waters of the ocean moon of Kef Bir.
The Battle of Endor, which saw the deaths of Emperor Sheev Palpatine and Darth Vader, allowed the Rebellion to form the New Republic. In the early days after Endor, Solo continued to lead the Pathfinders against the Empire. He married Organa, and the two had a son, Ben Solo. The boy struggled with the dark side of the Force&#8212;like his mother, who was the daughter of Darth Vader and twin sister of Luke Skywalker, Ben was Force-sensitive&#8212;so Organa sent him to be trained as a Jedi by Skywalker. He was seduced to the dark side by Snoke, Supreme Leader of the First Order, resulting in the destruction of Skywalker's attempt to rebuild the Jedi Order.
Using poison gas, the Viceroy attempts to poison the two Jedi Knights, but fails. After having to battle through squads of battle droids, Jinn and Kenobi make their way to the command deck where Gunray is located, shielding himself behind blast doors. The Jedi are forced to flee upon the arrival of two Destroyer Droids, but with their ship, Radiant VII, now destroyed, the two Jedi stow themselves aboard two separate Federation landing craft leaving for the surface of Naboo to begin the invasion.
In 4 ABY, Luke Skywalker of the Rebel Alliance arrived at Jabba's Palace in an attempt to rescue Han Solo. Skywalker was tricked into Jabba's rancor pit, where, to Malakili's distress, the rebel killed Pateesa. In the aftermath, Skywalker escaped with Solo, and Jabba was killed. Over the following months, Malakili was one of the last to leave the palace, and he wandered into the Dune Sea toward the Great Pit of Carkoon. Feeling purposeless without his creatures, Malakili considered committing suicide, and he wandered further into the desert.
The issuing of the order caused the droid to disregard his primary programming, overriding his desire to fight and granting him a new sense of individuality. Sometime later, the droid reactivated and found himself abandoned on the battlefield. Rather than rejoin the Confederate Droid Army, he decided to remain behind and provide medical assistance to both Confederate and Republic casualties of the fighting. He took to calling himself "Coppertop" and also customized his physical appearance, donning a cape and gaining a gold-colored crest on the top of his head. Count Dooku ordered his Dark Acolyte Asajj Ventress to recover Coppertop, so that he could examine and dismantle the droid, and she set out in pursuit of the errant battle droid, accompanied by the renowned Chiss bounty hunter Cyreltov.[2]
As one of the foremost examples of the space opera subgenre of science fiction, Star Wars has become part of mainstream popular culture, as well as being one of the highest-grossing series of all time. It is currently the second highest-grossing film series behind only the Marvel Cinematic Universe.[1] and also the second highest-grossing media franchise of all time (with only the Japanese franchise Pok&#233;mon outranking it).
Upon completion, the Death Star II would have been an immense battle station 200 kilometers in diameter[12] that featured 560 internal levels which could house 2,471,647 passengers and crew.[2] The space station was divided into two hemispheres at the equatorial trench,[3] which itself featured a nested hierarchy of lesser trenches,[4] along with 768 tractor beam emplacements,[2] a multitude of docking bays,[5] and an incomplete ion engine array[3] used to rotate the massive installation. The outer "shell" of the battle station was made of quadanium steel, with the areas immediately above and below the equatorial trench being heavily armored. On the outer surface were the station's surface decks ("city sprawl"), which consisted of a dense conglomerate of towers.[4] Inside were the station's 560 inner decks,[2] which were positioned planarly, parallel to the equator. Artificial gravity was localized throughout the Death Star II. In the stacked inner decks, gravity was directed north to south while on the surface decks, gravity was directed towards the center of the station, allowing gun crews to stand on the surface of the globe. The Death Star II's two polar columns, which ran from the reactor to each pole, helped stabilize the station's rotational capabilities.[4] The station's two command sectors were located at the north and south poles, with the south also serving as temporary quarters for outer shell construction crews and as space for emergency replenishment stations for labor droids. Above the Death Star II's main weapon, the superlaser dish installed in the station's northern hemisphere, was the command bridge. Patterned after the bridge of the original Death Star,[4] the command bridge was where the superweapon's systems were monitored and controlled.[5] Located on the station's north pole was Emperor Palpatine's personal isolation tower, a one-hundred-story tower which served as the Sith Lord's command center and personal abode while on the battle station. The tower, designed from the outside to be intimidating and menacing, was patterned after Palpatine's personal headquarters on Coruscant, the Imperial Palace, formerly known as the Jedi Temple.[4]
Rose Tico, her older sister Paige[1] and her parents Hue and Thanya[9] grew up on Hays Minor, a impoverished mining colony in the Otomok system.[1] Rose and her sister trained in their grandmother Etta's Z-95 Headhunter simulation. During one of their simulations, Rose crashed. She and her family would watch holodramas, some of which included fathiers.[9]
In the year 3681 BBY, the Rimma Trade Route was blockaded by the reconstituted Sith Empire in an attempt to strangle the resources of the Galactic Republic. The action was one of the earliest conflicts of the Great Galactic War, and occurred shortly after the Empire's return to the known galaxy. As part of the Sith Emperor's plan to secure the galaxy's Outer Rim Territories, the Rimma super-hyperroute was locked down, which resulted in further Republic losses and interior political turmoil. While Republic forces in the Outer Rim suffered from a lack of supplies and reinforcements&#8212;particularly those in the embattled Minos Cluster&#8212;military leaders organized efforts to retake the Rimma Trade Route. After the Republic Army's first unsuccessful counterattack, the blockade was ended in 3680 BBY, when a fleet of the Republic Navy regrouped in the Seswenna sector and launched a second assault. The attack succeeded in breaking the Empire's hold on the route, thereby allowing the Republic to ship war materiel and reinforcements to Outer Rim battlefronts.
Original research refers to material that is not attributable to a reliable, published source. This includes unpublished facts, arguments, ideas, statements, and neologisms; and any unpublished analysis or synthesis of published material that appears to advance a position. Material added to articles must be directly and explicitly supported by the cited sources.
The pair, along with the astromech droid R2-D2, arrived on Vetine and had Bey claim that she was Commander Alecia Beck of the Imperial Security Bureau. Under the pretense that "Beck" was performing a surprise inspection of the base, they gained access and were briefly given a tour by the base's commander, Commandant Hurron. The commandant, however, knew that Bey was not Commander Beck and lured them into a trap in the research lab containing the tree fragments. Skywalker and Bey fought their way out of the base after successfully retrieving the tree, and their escape resulted in the deaths of Commandant Hurron and several stormtroopers. After the mission, Skywalker took one of the trees for himself and gifted the second to Bey and her husband, Kes Dameron, and they planted it outside their new home on Yavin 4 after ending their service in the Rebel Alliance.
Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, marketed as Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, is a 2019 film directed by J.J. Abrams from a script by Abrams and Chris Terrio. It is the third and final film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy. The film, produced by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy, is a continuation of 2015's The Force Awakens, which Abrams also directed and co-wrote, and 2017's The Last Jedi. Lucasfilm has referred to The Rise of Skywalker as the final installment of the Skywalker saga.
Following the death of Tomaas and the Imperialization of Azzameen assets after an attempted counterattack on Viraxo holdings and a failed covert delivery, the droid, along with Ace, Aeron, and Emon, sought refuge with the Alliance; Ace would eventually enlist and Emkay often visited him on his various postings aboard Alliance Star Cruisers. During these visits, the droid would track Ace's successes, maintain Ace's growing collection of souvenirs from battles, and inform Ace of upcoming family missions. The droid would again accompany Ace as he flew on these family missions, many of which were intended to assist the Rebel Alliance, albeit discreetly, as the surviving Azzameens attempted to restore their business. Emkay and the rest of the Azzameen children were betrayed by Antan Azzameen, Tomaas's brother and co-owner of Twin Suns Transport Services, after Antan forged a deal with the Empire to reclaim the family business; this trap would not be successful.
Orson Callan Krennic was a human male who served as Director of the Imperial Military Department of Advanced Weapons Research, which belonged to Imperial Intelligence and the Imperial Security Bureau during the Imperial Era. Additionally, he was the commander of the DS-1 Orbital Battle Station up to the beginning of the Galactic Civil War. Born on Lexrul during the Republic Era, fifty-one years before the Battle of Yavin, Krennic began his career as a Lieutenant Commander in the Galactic Republic. Following the Clone Wars he was promoted to commander and later the fleet equivalent of admiral upon the formation of the Galactic Empire. Persistent and ambitious, Krennic was responsible for the development and construction of the Empire's enormous Death Star superweapon. An old friend of crystallographer Galen Erso, Krennic manipulated the brilliant scientist into researching synthetic kyber crystals under the pretext of researching sustainable energy. In reality, Krennic weaponized Erso's crystal research for the battle station's planet-killing superlaser, hoping this would place him above his long-time rival Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin and win the favor of Emperor Palpatine. Krennic was also held accountable for security of the project, quelling rumors of the Empire's secret enterprise for the two decades of its assembly. For these many purposes he commanded a squad of death troopers, serving as both a sword and shield when the Director found himself in battle.
Appointed to serve in the Imperial Military at the discretion of Grand General Cassio Tagge, Cylo's subjects served as operatives in the Empire's escalating war with the Rebel Alliance and various uprisings against the New Order while the doctor also served as a consultant. When the nobility of the mining world of Shu-Torun rose up against the Imperial-backed government of Queen Trios, the Emperor gave command of the military intervention to Vader while Tagge sent Cylo and his subjects to support the war effort. Frustrated with Vader's dismissal of him and determined to knock him out of the competition for a place as the Emperor's enforcer, Cylo conspired with the rebellious ore-dukes to isolate and kill the Dark Lord. Once his plans were discovered by the Sith Lord, Cylo and his remaining subjects were forced to flee, having been exposed as traitors.
As opposed to waging all-out war, the Alliance waged a war of attrition against the government, establishing small bases across the galaxy instead of controlling an entire planet.
Tace did as Tula asked and frequently updated her on Organa's activities, letting her sister know when Organa traveled to the planet Sullust to make contact with the Alderaan Enclave located there. Tula immediately passed on the information to Dreed, who was impressed by her manipulation of Tace, but Dreed warned Tula that he was ready for her to betray him given her emotional bond with her sister. Meanwhile, on Sullust, a resident of the enclave named Covis discovered the communications between Tula and Tace and reported them to Preserver Jora Astane, head of the enclave. Astane accused Organa herself of betraying the Alderaanians to the Imperials and had her chased from the enclave. As the Alderaanians tried to hunt down Organa, a Sentinel-class landing craft full of stormtroopers sent by Dreed arrived and attacked the enclave. Ultimately, Organa saved the enclave and defeated the troopers using a herd of rockrenders, earning Astane's loyalty and escaping Sullust.[4]
Deltic found that Skelly had been partially correct, as Cynda could be destroyed by explosives, but such a blast would need a higher quality and greater quantity of explosives than Gorse had in all its supplies combined. She confirmed for the count that after the moon's fragmentation, large quantities of thorilide would remain in the system and so could be harvested, although she warned that some of the mineral would be ejected from the system entirely and some would end up on the surface of Gorse. Vidian was uninterested in the fate of those on Gorse's surface, but Sloane demanded to know what Deltic's findings predicted would happen. The lieutenant explained that parts of the moon would fall as meteors, with the amount depending on where Cynda was at in its lunar cycle when destroyed.[1]
Keto dropped the illusion at that moment and revealed a fleet of Tetan attack ships. Krath-dispatched CX-133 Chaos fighters swarmed and strafed the shipyard, which resulted in the swift destruction of the facilities' defensive emplacements. Basilisk war droid-mounted Mandalorians penetrated the modules and stormed the control decks and operations centers. Tetan troops, equipped with jetpacks, also boarded the stations to reinforce overwhelming force of the Mandalorian offensive.[1] While the Republic forces attempted to fend off the Krath assault in futility, one of their number, a Human named Dace Golliard, fled the battle in an attempt to save his own life.[4]
Before the rise of the Galactic Republic, its predecessor, the Old Republic, gradually declined and ultimately fell[9] as a result of its conflict with the Sith.[14] The Sith&#8212;a malevolent order of dark side Force users,[15] founded by rogue Jedi during the Hundred-Year Darkness[16]&#8212;were able to establish their rule over the galaxy for a period of time.[2] After the fall of the ancient Sith,[5] a number of star systems united to form the democratic union known as the Galactic Republic.[1] Under the protection of the Jedi Order,[17] the Republic existed in a state of relative peace and stability[1] that lasted for a millennium until the advent of the Clone Wars in 22 BBY.[12]
With an armada of over thirty Harrower-class dreadnaughts, the Sith Empire invaded the Horuset system and engaged the small number of Jedi and Republic defenders in orbit over Korriban. Aboard a Republic space station, Jedi Padawan Satele Shan, Master Kao Cen Darach, and several Republic troopers fought in vain against boarding Sith soldiers and Imperial battle droids. During their attempts to escape Korriban and warn the Republic of the Empire's return, the Jedi and troopers were met by the Sith Lord Vindican and his apprentice, Malgus. Although Shan and her Master held the two off for a time, the younger Jedi was eventually forced to flee and leave Darach behind to fight alone. While she and one of the troopers escaped the station with the assistance of an incarcerated smuggler, Nico Okarr, Master Darach remained aboard and continued to battle the avenging Sith. The Zabrak Jedi was killed by Malgus during the duel and the remaining Republic and Jedi forces were annihilated, clearing a path for the Sith to return to their homeland. After a thousand years of exile from the holy planet, the Empire retook Korriban and re-established it as a training ground, wherein students studied to continue the war with the Republic. Despite Shan's survival, the recapture was so efficiently and surprisingly performed that an extended period of time passed before the Jedi Council even learned of Korriban's loss.
In the wake of victories such as the Battle of Alderaan[5] and a campaign under the leadership of General Jace Malcom,[2] the Galactic Republic began to gather a fleet of prototype starships and powerful warships, led by the legendary prototype superdreadnaught Star of Coruscant, with the purpose of eventually attacking the Sith Empire's capital of Dromund Kaas and ending the Great Galactic War. However, in 3665 BBY,[5] a secret Chiss enclave on the planet Hoth intercepted coded Republic messages indicating the fleet's existence and that it would soon pass along a secret route in the Outer Rim Territories. The enclave notified Imperial Intelligence, as the Chiss Ascendancy was an ally of the Empire,[6] and the Imperial Navy gathered near the system.[5]
Jori Daragon arrived on the scene at that moment and spotted the dead body of Aarrba. Blaming her brother for the Hutt's death, Jori became enraged and slew the lone remaining Massassi guard with her activated lightsaber.[1] With tears in her eyes, she confronted Gav about Aarrba's death. Overcome with the emotion of the situation, Gav Daragon fled the scene. He returned to his flagship and abandoned the battlefield of Koros Major to confront Naga Sadow, hoping to end the war that had ravaged his home and driven him and his sister apart. Without their commander, the Sith force was defeated by Teta and the Koros military.[2]
Content approaching. The Rebellion Begins, Star Wars Rebels Magazine, Star Wars: Kanan, Endangered, Part 1, Endangered, Part 2, The Beast Within–class.
Synara San was a female Mirialan who served as a member of Kragan Gorr's Warbird gang during the era of the New Republic. The Warbirds raided the Colossus refueling platform on behalf of the First Order, which wanted to occupy the station for their upcoming war to reconquer the galaxy. Following a botched raid on a Darius G-class freighter, Synara was rescued by the Resistance pilots Kazuda Xiono and Poe Dameron; the former who had become a resident of the Colossus.
If you read something that you really like, then why not drop a note on the article's talk page? First select the Discussion link (look for it in the tabs above the page), to get to the talk page. Then select Edit on the talk page, or click the + to the right of Edit to simply add a new comment. We always love to get a little positive feedback.
At that moment, an Imperial armada of over thirty Sith battlecruisers jumped out of hyperspace[3] into the Horuset system,[12] near Korriban and its space station. The warships, having taken advantage of hyperlanes opened by the Empire's Tingel Arm campaign,[5] immediately dispatched numerous wings of interceptor starfighters that began strafing runs on the Republic's station. The first few volleys inflicted heavy damage on the installation, causing reactive explosions throughout the station and setting fire to several internal areas of the structure. Shortly afterward, boarding parties consisting of the Imperial Army's Sith troops and assault droids landed on the station and engaged Republic personnel on board.[3]
The Pulas was wielded for generations by various members of the Sith Order, powerful users of the dark side of the Force, and it eventually disappeared around the time of the Ruusan campaign[1] at the end of the New Sith Wars.[3] The crystal came to reside within a Sith fortress on the planet Almas in the Cularin system, where it lay undisturbed for centuries.[1] Around 31 BBY,[1] a team of Jedi researchers led by the Wookiee Jedi Master Kirlocca undertook an expedition into the depths of the Sith fortress and discovered the artifact. However, the Believers&#8212;a Sith-worshiping cult that was active on Almas&#8212;learned of the researchers' discovery and were determined to claim the Pulas for themselves. As the Jedi were transporting the crystal en route to the Almas Academy, a Jedi training institution situated on the world, a group of Believers attacked the researchers and tried to steal the artifact, though the Jedi defeated the Believers and successfully brought the crystal to the Academy.[1]
Zorii Bliss was a human female native to the frigid planet Kijimi.[4] She was the leader of the Spice Runners of Kijimi. During the war between the First Order and the Resistance, Bliss was neutral,[1] and she spent time in Kijimi's Thieves' Quarter. She shared a past connection with Poe Dameron as he was once a spice runner along with her, but Poe Dameron joined the Resistance and abandoned Bliss. The two would meet again when Dameron led Resistance operatives to Kijimi to find the hidden world Exegol. After the destruction of Kijimi, Bliss participated in the Battle of Exegol, which saw the destruction of the Final Order. Their encounters during the last moments of the Final Order saw exchanges of flirtations between the two, indicating a past relationship.[3]
In 5 ABY, three months after the Battle of Endor, Commander Luke Skywalker and Lieutenant Shara Bey of the Alliance to Restore the Republic undertook a mission to the planet Vetine in order to infiltrate an Imperial base. Their objective was to retrieve the last remaining fragments of a Great Tree that once dwelled at the heart of the Jedi Temple, before Darth Sidious declared himself Emperor and converted the Jedi Temple into the Imperial Palace.
The castle's construction caused natural disasters across the planet, prompting the native Mustafarians to launch an attack on Vader. Although the attack failed, it gave Momin's spirit the opportunity to open a portal through the Force inside the Sith cave and summon his physical body while Vader was distracted with the Mustafarians. However, Momin's resurrection proved short-lived, as Vader killed the ancient Sith Lord and passed through the portal himself. Even though he was unable to save Amidala, the visions Vader experienced throughout his journey into the portal allowed him to accept his fate.
Organa then had Tace try and question her sister, but Tula's commanding officer, Dreed, realized what was happening and had Tula taken away by stormtroopers for processing. Organa negotiated with Dreed to exchange herself for Tula on the planet Skaradosh, but once there, the princess had her allies swoop in and kill Dreed and his men. Tula was then reunited with her sister but found Tace angry over her betrayal. The sisters were reconciled to some extent during a battle between Dreed's Star Destroyer and the Alderaanians gathered by Organa above the planet Espirion, which ended in the Imperial vessel's destruction.
Ottkreg was still aboard the Vigilance when the Rebel Alliance staged its attack on the Death Star above Endor[1] in 4 ABY.[2] During the battle, he made his way to the Star Destroyer's bridge with Lyle and approached Sloane while she commanded her crew. The admiral led Ottkreg to the forward part of the bridge, so that the crew was less likely to overhear them, after which Ottkreg questioned Sloane on why the Vigilance was only assuming a defensive position and not attacking the Alliance Fleet.[1]
Deltic, nicknamed Lieutenant Strangechild by her crewmate Commander Nibiru Chamas, was a human lieutenant in the Imperial Navy and the planetary science specialist of the Imperial Star Destroyer Ultimatum during its mission to the Gorse system in 11 BBY. She provided a report for the industrialist Count Denetrius Vidian and Captain Rae Sloane on the possibility of destroying the moon Cynda using explosives, causing Vidian to set in motion such a plan to more efficiently harvest the mineral thorilide.
Tula's sister finally learned the truth in the year 0 ABY,[3] shortly after the Battle of Yavin,[1] when Leia Organa, Princess of Alderaan, rescued the Melodic Order from the club as part of her mission to rescue the survivors of Alderaan from Imperial persecution, then invited them to join her mission. Once off Naboo and aboard Organa's starship, the Lord Junn, Tace used a video call to contact Tula,[1] who was serving on the Imperial-class Star Destroyer of Commander Dreed.[4] Unaware that her sister was an Imperial, Tace tried to arrange for the sisters to meet up and mourn, but Tula, seeing an opportunity to gain intelligence on the fugitive Alderaanians' activity, told Tace that it was her duty to stay with Organa and aid her. She then asked that Tace contact her every day with an update on her location and activities, so that the pair could "keep in touch."[1]
In 3998 BBY, the curator of the Museum of Dark Side Antiquities on Coruscant was nearing the completion of an exhibit in the Museum's Sith Hall titled The Dark Lords of the Sith. It was during the final stages of construction[3] that Satal and Aleema Keto, socialite cousins from the Empress Teta star system, arrived on Coruscant, hoping to satisfy their curiosity for dark side objects.[1] Their search led them to the Galactic Museum, where they were directed toward the Sith Hall and its collection of dark side artifacts. Pretending to be innocent tourists, the Ketos met with the curator and requested access to the exhibit. The curator at first denied them, stating that the presentation was still in its production stages. When the Ketos asked the curator again for permission to view the artifacts despite its incompleteness, he again refused them, this time citing explicit instructions from the Jedi Order to restrict access to anyone until the Jedi themselves were able to implement an adequate security detail to police the exhibit.[3]
The Plaque of Victory was first discovered on the planet Aaris III, located in the Kathol sector of the Outer Rim Territories, several thousand years before the Galactic Civil War, although it was not native to the planet. The Plaque's influence caused civil unrest among the planet's inhabitants, the Aaris, and the Plaque was hidden by a scholar called Kastays in the hope of negating the Plaque's influences. The plan did not work, and the Aaris descended into civil war. Their civilization fell to ruins, and the Plaque remained hidden for several millennia.
A year after the battle of Crait, Supreme Leader Kylo Ren leads a vicious assault against Alazmec colonists on Mustafar, seeking a wayfinder owned by Ren's grandfather, Darth Vader; he requires the device as a guide in his hunt for the returned Sith Emperor Palpatine, who he perceives as a threat to his power. The Leader slaughters many colonists alongside his stormtroopers before retrieving the device and slotting it into his ship, allowing its dark power to lead him through the crimson energy storms that surround the fabled Sith vastness of Exegol.
BB-8 managed to track the stolen freighter to one of the Star Destroyers. Following a pursuit, Poe managed to escape into hyperspace and return to Mirrin Prime. Upon returning to the Mirrin Prime Republic base, BB-8 and Poe were detained by Shore police, who brought Poe before General Leia Organa, the leader of splinter faction of the New Republic military that monitored the activities of the First Order. BB-8 followed Dameron when he left the New Republic fleet and joined the Resistance. Poe was joined by Karé and Iolo.[9]
A few days into the hunt, Tano and two other survivors destroyed the guild's freighter. The hunter Smug went to investigate, and Krix eventually flew a hover pod to the downed ship to pick up Smug. However, Smug's request for a pickup was a trap orchestrated by Tano's group, and Krix was soon incapacitated by the recently freed Wookiee captive Chewbacca, who, along with Tano's companions, stole the hover pod. After an ensuing skirmish between Tano's group and the Trandoshans dissolved Garnac's guild, Krix moved on to the planet Nal Hutta.
Over three and a half decades after his death, Kanan joined the spirits of all the great Jedi that ever lived, including his friend Ahsoka Tano, in encouraging the last living Jedi, the young aspirant Rey Palpatine, to use their power to destroy the returned Emperor and her grandfather, Darth Sidious, at the concurrent battle of Exegol.
After the fall of Black Sun and the death of Xizor, Guri set out on a personal quest to locate Thrumble and get him to purge her assassin programming so she could start a new life, though Xizor's niece, Savan, attempted to stop her and to ensure the droid's continuing service to Black Sun. Despite Savan's efforts, Guri was able to track down Thrumble on Hurd's Moon and was successfully reprogrammed. After defeating Savan, Guri teamed up with Dash Rendar, working together as a mercenary team before agreeing to serve as the template for a new range of human replica droids.
Content approaching. Age of Resistance - Poe Dameron 1, Star Wars Special: C-3PO 1, Star Wars: Poe Dameron, Star Wars Resistance, Join the Resistance Star Wars: On the Front Lines, Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: Allegiance, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 2, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Spark of the Resistance, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Star Wars Battlefront II, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual Resistance Reborn, Station to Station, and Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker–class.
The Great Heep was a large, masculine-programmed droid who operated an enormous fuel ore processing plant on the planet Biitu in the early days of the Galactic Empire. The Heep was an Abominor, a member of an extra-galactic species of advanced, self-constructing droids, which enslaved organic life on thousands of worlds before they were driven from their galaxy. The Heep was powered by an internal furnace that required a near-constant supply of fuel and further recharged himself by draining power from astromech droids. In 15 BBY, the Heep formed an alliance with Admiral Terrinald Screed of the Galactic Empire to mine fuel ore on Biitu, enslaving the native population and constructing a "moisture eater" that drained all moisture from the atmosphere to ensure optimum conditions. When the moisture eater was destroyed by the merchant Mungo Baobab and his droids, C-3PO and R2-D2, the stored water was released in a storm that extinguished the Heep's furnace and deactivated the droid.
While the Plaque appeared to be an ordinary artifact, it was, in fact, a sentient lifeform. Although not technically "alive" as defined by standard scientific classifications, the Plaque was inhabited by an entity that fed off the life-force and emotions of individuals within close proximity. Its goal was to destroy anyone whom it came into contact with by manipulating the perceptions of those around it, influencing them to act in paranoid and homicidal ways toward one another. Those in range of the Plaque's influence also felt a deep desire to possess the artifact, claiming that it spoke to them. They obsessed over it constantly, believing that they were the "guardian" of the artifact. The entity itself eventually went insane after spending several millennia isolated on Aaris III, a planet in the Kathol sector of the Outer Rim Territories.[1]
Once the Jedi were freed, the guards killed, and the weapons in the arsenal handed out, the team set out to eliminate any other Yuuzhan Vong aboard who had escaped the effects of 2-4S's coma gas, as well as to rescue Jedi Ganner Rhysode, who was being held captive elsewhere. As the team began its sweep of the ship, 2-4S was at the very back of the group and was tasked with covering the Wookiee Jedi Lowbacca as he inserted flechette mines into the Exquisite Death's system ducts. After one of the voxyn&#8212;which had survived the initial encounter with the YVH war droids&#8212;detonated one of the mines in the ducts, 2-4S was sent back to look out for Jaina, who was with another part of the team. Jaina and 2-4S kept the wounded beast in the ducts and eventually killed it, though another voxyn had managed to survive and engaged part of the strike team before being driven into the ducts. In the end, the team seized the Exquisite Death completely, killing Yaght and rescuing Rhysode, without any casualties in the process.[1]
The Battle of Rhen Var began around 3653 BBY, almost three decades after the Sith Empire's return to the galaxy and the initiation of the Great Galactic War.[2] The war, waged between the resurgent Empire and the Galactic Republic, swept across star systems and saw numerous defeats for the ancient democracy as it attempted to slow the Sith advance.[5] After significant military losses on battlefields including Korriban,[6] the Minos Cluster,[7] and Begeren,[8] the Republic appeared to be heading toward total annihilation.[5] However, after an improbable victory in the second battle at Bothawui, the defenders of the Republic and Jedi Order rallied to achieve a string of victories that halted the Imperial Military advance.[9]
The droid spirited the pair away while stormtroopers arrived at their house and encountered their mother. Once they had escaped, the siblings made their way to Level 3108 to meet with an old family friend and their mother, but the friend refused to help them and their mother never arrived. The pair was redirected by the friend to Level 2142 to meet a smuggler who would transport them offworld. However, Santigo refused to leave without their mother until an encounter with the Coruscant underworld police allowed Anandra to persuade him otherwise.[1]
Chewbacca, known affectionately to his friends as Chewie, was a Wookiee warrior, smuggler, and resistance fighter who fought in the Clone Wars, the Galactic Civil War, and the conflict between the First Order and the Resistance. He hailed from the planet Kashyyyk and became a Wookiee military leader. During the Clone Wars, he was captured by Trandoshan slavers and held captive on Wasskah, but he worked with a fellow captive, Jedi Commander Ahsoka Tano, to escape. He later commanded Wookiee forces during the Battle of Kashyyyk alongside the Grand Army of the Republic, led by Jedi Master Yoda. During the battle, one of the last ones of the war, Yoda's clone troopers received Order 66 from Supreme Chancellor Palpatine and, with the help of Chewbacca, Yoda escaped Kashyyyk and the destruction of the Jedi Order.
When the Resistance agents arrived on Kijimi in 35 ABY to find the path to Exegol, Bliss confronted Dameron, alongside a group of goons, still furious at the pilot over his abandonment of their cause, but Rey knocked out her goons, Bliss was impressed by her skill, and was convinced to help them. Bliss then led them to Babu Frik, the legendary droidsmith, as the Resistance needed to unlock forbidden translations in the systems of C-3PO, in order to translate a dagger that would lead to a Wayfinder to the hidden world Exegol. Bliss and Dameron left the room while Frik was working, and spied on First Order operations from the roof of the workshop, talking about how the occupation changed things. During the conversation, Bliss reassured and motivated Dameron to continue the fight against the First Order, and removed part of her helmet.
A terrestrial planet, Kijimi had mountainous terrain. The planet had a frigid climate, with thick drifts of snow covering its mountains. The atmosphere of Kijimi was breathable to a number of inhabitants, including humans,[2] Boosodians, and Anzellans.[1]
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
If you are considering joining the project, take a look at our mission. If you would like to join, please add your name with three tildes (~~~) at the bottom of the page under the "Participants" section.
The Pulas was a black, fist-sized crystal that radiated dark side energy. Over the years, the Pulas was wielded by various members of the Sith Order, until it disappeared around the time of the Ruusan campaign. The crystal subsequently lay abandoned inside a Sith fortress on the planet Almas for centuries. Around 31 BBY, the Pulas was rediscovered by a group of Jedi researchers who were exploring the citadel, and the artifact was taken to the Almas Academy, a Jedi academy that was located on the world. However, the facility's headmaster, Lanius Qel-Bertuk, feared that the Jedi could not keep the Pulas safe from the clutches of a group of Sith cultists who were active on Almas, and he arranged for the crystal to be transported to the Jedi Temple on the planet Coruscant for safekeeping. Though the cultists attempted to steal the Pulas while it was en route to Coruscant, the artifact was successfully relocated to the Jedi Temple.
In the subsequent thirty years, Artoo would accompany Luke Skywalker until the destruction of his attempted resurrection of the Jedi Order. Following Luke's disappearance, Artoo set himself into a self-imposed low power mode as newer droid models started to out-compute the aging astromech. Despite this, his celebrated role in the Rebellion protected him from the usual recycling procedure of many old droids, allowing him a peaceful semi-retirement in the Resistance as he pored over several decades of uninterrupted data, causing him to 'dream' of many of his greatest adventures.
Han Solo, known only as Han until being given the surname Solo by chief recruitment officer Drawd Munbrin, and also known as Cadet 124-329 when serving as an Imperial cadet, was a human male smuggler who became a leader in the Alliance to Restore the Republic and an instrumental figure in the defeat of the Galactic Empire during the Galactic Civil War. He hailed from Corellia and became a smuggler in the employ of Jabba the Hutt, even completing the Kessel Run in just twelve parsecs with his prized ship, the Millennium Falcon. He was the son-in-law of fallen Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker and Senator Padmé Amidala, husband of Princess Leia Organa, brother-in-law of Jedi Master Luke Skywalker, father of Ben Solo, rivals and close friends with fellow smuggler Lando Calrissian, and best friends with the Wookiee Chewbacca, his trusted copilot who swore a life debt to the Corellian smuggler. Solo ran afoul of Jabba after ditching a shipment of spice to avoid trouble with the Empire, owing the Hutt a great deal of money as a result. His fortune seemed to have changed when he agreed to charter Luke Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and the droids R2-D2 and C-3PO to Alderaan, but he became caught up in the rebellion against the Empire and, after helping Leia Organa escape from the Death Star, briefly fought in the Battle of Yavin, which allowed Skywalker to destroy the superweapon. Solo fought with the Rebellion for a number of years afterward, taking part in numerous operations and battles against the Empire.
In 3671 BBY, ten years after their initial seizure of the Rimma Trade Route, the Empire returned to the Seswenna sector and seized the region, sealing their dominion over much of the Outer Rim.[1] The blockade of major hyperspace lanes became the most effective tactic in the war,[7] particularly when the Mandalorian warrior clans entered the conflict on behalf of the Empire. In 3661 BBY, the Mandalorians seized the Hydian Way; with the Mandalorian's blockade of the Hydian[8] and the Sith's control of the Rimma Trade Route in the Seswenna sector,[1] the Empire had control of two of the galaxy's most vital supply lines.[8] The Kel Dor Jedi Knight Gnost-Dural kept a journal during the Great Galactic War that included references to the Rimma blockade, as well as his own feelings of relief after it was originally broken in 3,680 BBY; as a Republic defender in the Minos Cluster, Gnost-Dural and his comrades relied upon reinforcements and supplies that were shipped along the hyperroute.[5] After the conclusion of the war with the signing of the Treaty of Coruscant in 3653 BBY,[9] Gnost-Dural's journal,[5] as well as a scholarly holodocumentary produced by the Kel Dor on the early days of the war and the Rimma Trade Route blockade, were submitted to the Jedi Archives on Tython for record-keeping purposes.[1]
We should work on creating, editing, and overall fixing up any articles related to Star Wars video games. It is also expected of us to bring all related articles to Featured status, Good status, and Comprehensive status and to preserve articles that have already reached status.
With support from the Hidden Beks swoop gang, Revan found and freed Shan. Impressed, the Mandalorian mercenary Canderous Ordo offered Revan an opportunity to leave the planet by stealing Exchange boss Davik Kang's flagship, the Ebon Hawk. Accepting the offer, Revan raided the main Sith base to acquire codes to bypass the blockade; Ordo then brought him to Kang's estate to steal the ship. Malak, meanwhile, grew weary of the protracted search. Seeking to eliminate Shan, he ordered Admiral Saul Karath to thoroughly bombard the surface. As the Sith fleet in orbit repositioned itself, Ordo and Revan succeeded in accessing the Hawk. However, they were confronted by Kang and the bounty hunter Calo Nord. After a brief firefight as the bombardment began, Kang was killed and Nord incapacitated; with the way clear, the party boarded the freighter, picking up Onasi, Shan, Mission Vao, Zaalbar, and T3-M4, and blasted off for space. The Ebon Hawk eluded a vanguard of attacking Sith fighters before fleeing into hyperspace, en route to the Jedi Enclave on Dantooine. Despite their escape, the bombardment continued until the entire world was virtually scoured of life, killing billions of beings. However, Taris's ecosystem eventually recovered over the next three centuries, leading the Republic to resettle the planet.
First the droids, R2-D2 and C-3PO, arrive with a holographic message from Skywalker asking Jabba to release Solo. In exchange the two droids are presented as gifts to the crime lord; Luke promises that both are hardworking and that they will serve him well, which Jabba agrees to silently. However, when the message finishes he states that there will be no bargain and that he won't give up his "favorite decoration." The two droids are then sent to their quarters, where EV-9D9 harshly barks at the two when they explain what they can do. Threepio is ordered to be Jabba's interpreter, while Artoo is tasked with working on the Khetanna.
Wookieepedia is in no way affiliated with or endorsed by Lucasfilm Limited or any of its subsidiaries, employees, or associates. Wookieepedia offers no suggestion that the work presented on this web page is "official" or produced or sanctioned by the owner or any licensees of the aforementioned trademarks. Wookieepedia will take all steps necessary to ensure that any usage of trademarked items in no way confuses the audience of this site as to its origin. Wookieepedia makes no claim to own Star Wars or any of the copyrights or trademarks related to it. Images that are displayed on this site are copyrighted to Lucasfilm Limited or another partner of Lucas Licensing, or to the creator of the image. Visitors may download any pictures displayed on this site for personal use, as long as they are not used for profit, and proper credit is given.
Later in the war, Tiplee was part of the Jedi team investigating the aftermath of a battle between the forces of Darth Maul, leader of the criminal army known as the Shadow Collective, and the Confederacy of Independent Systems on Ord Mantell. Along with Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi, Tiplee led an assault on Vizsla Keep 09, a Mandalorian supply outpost, where Maul was hiding. During the fight, Tiplee was killed by Count Dooku, leader of the Separatists, who had formed an alliance with Maul.
Jyn Erso was a human female soldier and former criminal who became a pivotal member of the Alliance to Restore the Republic when she led Rogue One in stealing the Death Star plans during the Battle of Scarif. She was the daughter of Lyra Erso, a devout member of the Church of the Force, and scientist Galen Erso, who was forced into helping the Galactic Empire build the Death Star. Erso's mother was killed when Director Orson Krennic, the commander of the Death Star project, kidnapped her father&#8212;who affectionately referred to his daughter as "Stardust." She was raised by resistance fighter Saw Gerrera and became a child soldier in his army.
Prior to 0 BBY, Andor joined the Alliance to Restore the Republic after being recruited by General Davits Draven.[1] Holding the rank of captain, Andor served as an officer in the Alliance's Intelligence branch.[3]
Content approaching. Master &amp; Apprentice, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, Thrawn: Alliances, Thrawn: Treason, Doctor Aphra 27, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker–class.
C-3PO was rebuilt from spare parts by Anakin Skywalker, a human slave who lived in Mos Espa, a city on the Outer Rim world of Tatooine. Shortly after the Clone Wars, C-3PO's memory was erased, though R2-D2's memory was not. C-3PO and R2-D2 were assigned to the Alderaan cruiser Tantive IV, where they served senator Bail Organa for nineteen years. At some point during this time, 3PO's right leg was fitted with mismatched plating.
The son of his mother and father,[5] Grievous was a Kaleesh warlord[6] and feared warrior from the planet Kalee.[7] Grievous learned battle tactics and warfare during Kalee's war against the Yam'rii of Huk. Grievous also developed a personal vendetta against the Galactic Republic during the war, as the government supported the Yam'rii.[8] At some point in his life, Grievous became a cyborg following a serious accident that destroyed most of his body and almost killed him,[9] but afterwards he chose to receive extreme cybernetic upgrades[10] to increase his skills in combat[7] and to become even more threatening.[10] While his changes made him more cybernetic than living Kaleesh flesh, Grievous claimed his cyborg implants[7] were improvements.[11] According to one legend, Grievous's transformation had been over time, initially only making simple enhancements before moving onto more extreme changes. The legend said Grievous transformed himself because he admired the logic of droids and wanted to mirror their infallibility, strength and power.[12]
CT: Forum:CT Archive/Removing the under 3000 word GA rule &#8211; Main vote: Approve proposal; Side vote: Existing 1000+ word GAs will be grandfathered in. Toprawa and Ralltiir (talk) 02:21, February 19, 2013 (UTC)
The day after Reffe's death, stormtroopers began arresting people in the streets of Level 3204, which no longer had HoloNet services making spreading news more difficult. Anandra and her family remained in their apartment, where Anandra stopped Santigo from watching the arrests from the windows while her mother cried. The troopers came door to door the following day explaining that Alderaanians were being taken in for questioning as rebels had been recruiting in the area. Anandra heard rumors from people, including her next door neighbor, that second-generation immigrants were being relocated instead of arrested. The Milons then did not leave their apartment for the rest of the day, and their mother locked herself in her bedroom. Before the stormtroopers arrived at their home, Santigo and Anandra hid in the fluid bucket of a cleaning droid that Anandra suspected had been reprogrammed by their neighbor to visit the Milon house on a day not following its normal schedule.[1]
This gang war was a swoop gang conflict waged throughout the Lower City of the Outer Rim world of Taris, between the Hidden Beks, led by Gadon Thek, and the Black Vulkars, led by former Bek Brejik. When Thek lost his sight in a swoop bike accident, many gang members assumed that the elder leader would step aside and appoint Brejik in his place. The war was sparked when Thek refused to do so; incensed, Brejik left the gang and took over the rival Vulkars. He began a protracted campaign of street fighting designed to whittle away at the Bek ranks, and initiated several attempts to kill Thek himself.
Proto One, also known as Proto Number 1, was a rickety Proto Droid who rebuilt himself using assorted replacement parts after he was discarded by his original organic masters. Although he resembled an odd mixture of different droid types and walked with the assistance of a cane, he was proud that he was his own Maker and considered himself one of a kind. In 15 BBY, Proto One was more than a century old, and he worked as the proprietor of a scrapyard on the planet Boonta.
Engaging in several small raids to test the strength of the Krath, Mandalore eventually caught the attention of Qel-Droma by destroying an important carbonite smelting station in the Empress Teta system. Wanting to crush the threat that the Mandalorians presented as soon as possible, Qel-Droma agreed to a challenge of single combat on the planet Kuar extended by Mandalore. The duel, as explained by Mandalore, would be fought between Qel-Droma and himself, and the victor would receive full command over their foes' forces, as well as the seven worlds of Empress Teta. Qel-Droma managed to best Mandalore during the course of the fight, but refused to kill his defeated enemy. Having experienced the fighting ability of Mandalore firsthand, Qel-Droma believed that Mandalore was of more use to him alive. Seeing that his reputation had been preserved, Mandalore pledged his life, honor, and troops to Qel-Droma's cause.
The Sith fleet promptly began to bombard the planet, sending Cinnagar civilians into a panic. Numerous dropships, containing Sith Massassi warriors and war behemoths, launched toward the planet's surface. The Koros military utilized anti-aircraft guns as countermeasures against the incoming ships. These shots were often wild during the onslaught, and some nearly hit residential homes and businesses. Meanwhile, Gav Daragon, despite the objections of his subordinates, took a contingent of Massassi guards with him when he decided to go to the surface of Koros Major in a dropship. Gav told them that he intended to try a shut down of the city's defenses to facilitate a near-bloodless victory. He had an ulterior motive, however; he wanted to know what had become of his sister, Jori. He landed near the repair dock of a Hutt named Aarrba, an old acquaintance of the Daragon family. When Gav asked Aarrba for his sister's location, however, the Hutt merely spat in his face. Interpreting this as an attack, Gav's Massassi guards stabbed the Hutt in his abdomen. Mortally wounded, the Hutt rolled off his hoversled and crushed the Massassi guards to death.[1]
George Lucas first had the idea for a Clone Wars animated series in 2002.[50] Star Wars: Clone Wars aired on Cartoon Network from 2003 to 2005, produced by Genndy Tartakovsky. Star Wars: The Clone Wars was then announced at April 2005's Celebration III, which Lucas refered to as "a 3-D continuation of the pilot series."[51] Dave Filoni was hired as supervising director, and was familiar with previous Star Wars animation projects.[52][53] Filoni's initial idea for the series revolved around a recurring cast of characters who traveled aboard a spaceship similar to the Millennium Falcon; the ship's crew would have included a smuggler, his girlfriend, a gungan named "Lunker," a Jedi padawan named "Ashla" and her Jedi Master. This early concept for The Clone Wars was designed not to interfere with existing continuity, and as such would have included only occasional appearances from film characters such as Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker. However, once Lucas became involved, he decided that the show would focus on the film characters, but would also include some of Filoni's ideas, such as Ashla (whose name was ultimately changed to Ahsoka).[54]
Slasfilm.com reported November 12, 2018 that a more specific timeline was revealed in episode 1.6 of “Resistance Rewind,” the behind-the-scenes series from the official Star Wars YouTube channel. In that episode, executive producer Justin Ridge let slip that Star Wars Resistance takes place six months before the events of The Force Awakens, revealing: "Because this series takes place six months before The Force Awakens we have a lot of connective tissue to what we see in the movie. So eventually our events in the show will parallel what happens in the movie."
Beckett and his gang went to Hovun IV on a mission for Crimson Dawn. There, Beckett, posing as a death priest, pretended to Force choke Rio Durant in order to scare several sabacc players away from Durant's game. After the players left, Beckett congratulated Durant on pulling off the trick. Beckett asked Val if she placed the tracker on Dvorad, and she said she did. Beckett and his gang went to the dock to find Dvorad in order to steal identichips. Beckett was able to jump onto Dvorad's speeder, punched him, and made it to Dvorad's ship.[4]
Sloane revealed that her orders had come directly from Admiral Firmus Piett, commander of the Imperial fleet, and beyond that most likely from the Emperor himself. The loyalty officer tried to parse Sloane's comments for disloyalty to the Empire but was satisfied after she stated that Palpatine's plans were not to be questioned. After Ottkreg asked how Sloane had identified three distant rebel CR90 corvettes that she had ordered Sapphire Squadron&#8212;part of her ship's contingent of TIE fighters&#8212;to intercept, the admiral brought up the bridge's holotank so that Ottkreg could view a holographic display of the battle to better understand it and also to keep him occupied and less of a distraction to her.[1]
This Featured article has been deemed sufficiently below FA standards by the Inquisitorius and will have its status removed if not up to standards by the next Inquisitorius meeting.
Due to the nature of the game itself, there is little certainty as to the canonical conclusion to many stories presented within this timeframe. As such, there is plenty of room for speculation. Please note that such speculation has no place on Wookieepedia, and a major goal of this project is to avoid conjecture and assumption and eliminate it where we can.
Despite initially claiming that the Star Wars story ended with the redemption of Anakin Skywalker in Return of the Jedi, and after spending years refuting speculation that there would be another film, Star Wars creator George Lucas began work on Episode VII in 2011 in order to increase the value of Lucasfilm before he sold it to The Walt Disney Company, although Disney would later elect to not use Lucas' story. The acquisition was finalized on October 30, 2012, and Disney and Lucasfilm officially announced Episode VII and the sequel trilogy the same day. Lucasfilm later announced that the film would be an original story not beholden to the continuity of the Star Wars Expanded Universe, which was rebranded as the non-canon Star Wars Legends.
Shortly before the heist was to begin, the Lawbringer,[2] an Imperial-class Star Destroyer,[4] made its way towards Capital City. Seeing it fly over his his home,[1] the abandoned LothalNet comm tower E-272,[4] Ezra Bridger followed the vessel's route aboard a speeder.[1] Bridger, a 14-year-old[4] orphan and con artist, also made his way into Capital City, where he encountered a local Gotal merchant, Yoffar, being harassed by two Imperial officers, Commandant Cumberlayne Aresko and Taskmaster Myles Grint. After Yoffar criticized the Imperial presence on Lothal, the officers intended to arrest him for treason. Bridger swiped a communicator from Aresko and tricked the officers into believing that there was an emergency in the town square, causing the officers to leave and reverse their previous decision to arrest the merchant for treason.[1]
Kas'im homed in on the beacon from Darth Bane's stolen starship, Valcyn, and landed his starfighter nearby. He also sensed Bane's presence, which he followed to the Temple of the Ancients, battling and killing a rancor in the process. Kas'im found Darth Bane in the Temple's innermost chamber when he arrived, startling the man and causing him to activate his lightsaber. The two of them entered into a debate over the Brotherhood's ability to actually destroy the Jedi, and the Twi'lek ignited his double-bladed lightsaber as he attempted to convince Bane to partake in the war effort on Ruusan. Bane refused to be discouraged, and when he declined Kas'im's final offer to either rejoin the Brotherhood or die on Lehon, the Blademaster leaped in to engage Bane in lightsaber combat.[2]
Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens, marketed as Star Wars: The Force Awakens, is a 2015 film directed by J.J. Abrams; co-written by Abrams, Lawrence Kasdan, and Michael Arndt; and produced by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy and Bad Robot Productions. It is the first film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy. The film stars Harrison Ford, Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Anthony Daniels, and Peter Mayhew reprising their original roles. The original actors are joined by a host of new actors including Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Adam Driver, and Oscar Isaac.
Content approaching. Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel, Star Wars: Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 2, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, Thrawn, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, Battlefront II: Inferno Squad, Star Wars, Star Wars: Doctor Aphra, Star Wars 1 Star Wars: TIE Fighter, Alphabet Squadron, Age of Resistance - General Hux 1, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Dawn of Rebellion, Star Wars: Target Vader, The Mandalorian, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker–class.
Although the Republic Navy had abandoned the world, the Jedi Order chose to maintain a small but dedicated vigil over the planet, in an effort to guard its dark secrets.[11] Two Jedi&#8212;the Human Padawan Satele Shan[3] and her Zabrak Master, Kao Cen Darach[4]&#8212;participated in the protection of Korriban from a space station in orbit above the planet. The two were joined there by a number of troopers from the Republic's Republic Special Forces Division, who also assisted the Jedi as a police force for the region.[3] In the year of the Empire's return to the known galaxy, Shan, Darach, and Corporal Jace Malcom, traveled to the planet's surface to intercept a freighter that had landed without authorization. There they discovered smuggler captain Nico Okarr,[7] who was attempting to purchase artifacts of the old Sith Empire from the infamous grave robber Farel Wickes.[5] The Jedi and trooper impounded Okarr's vessel,[7] the Redshifter,[5] before he was able to flee the world and ferried him to the orbital security station[7] where they were joined by a Republic trooper who helped to take Okarr into custody. As the four of them escorted the smuggler through the space station, Shan sensed a considerable dark ripple in the Force.[3]
These are articles that may have their GA status removed by the AgriCorps if not brought back up to quality. Please see what you can to do help the articles maintain their current status.
The human female Lieutenant Deltic served in the Imperial Navy as the planetary science specialist aboard the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Ultimatum during its mission to the Gorse system[1] in 11 BBY.[2] Commanded by Captain Rae Sloane, the ship and its crew were tasked with aiding industrialist Count Denetrius Vidian, who had been sent to the system to improve the efficiency of thorilide mining on Cynda, a moon of the planet Gorse. After demolitionist Skelly gave Vidian a report outlining the dangers of using explosives to mine on Cynda, Vidian had Deltic run projections based on Skelly's claims that too much explosive mining would destroy the moon.[1]
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
With the Sith's destruction and the subsequent capitulation of the Empire in 5 ABY, Luke Skywalker traveled across the galaxy, searching for knowledge that would aid him in rebuilding the Jedi Order. One of his apprentices was his sister's son, Ben Solo, who inherited the Skywalker bloodline's raw strength and potential for limitless power. The loss of his nephew, who fell to the dark side like Vader before him, haunted Skywalker for the rest of his life. In addition, the destruction of his nascent Order convinced him that the time had come for the Jedi to end. He therefore sought exile on the distant world of Ahch-To, having elected to live out his remaining days as a hermit while ignoring the galaxy's pleas for help during the rise of the First Order. His solitude was interrupted in 34 ABY, shortly after the fall of the New Republic, resulting in a chain of events that led Skywalker to play one last, momentous role in the conflict between light and darkness. Although he passed away into the Force, his legend would spread throughout the galaxy, rekindling a spark of hope in the enemies of the First Order. Before his death, Skywalker declared that the Jedi Order would not die with him, having trained a final apprentice: the Jakku scavenger known as Rey.
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
The forces of Odion then arrived and landed inside the crater with a massive siege tower known as a Death Spiral. Odion's forces engaged Daiman and the mercenaries, destroying all four transports and significantly damaging the arxeum. The mercenaries bombarded the Death Spiral with cannon fire, but were unable to destroy the tower, which deployed several speeder bikes, airspeeders, and walkers from its base. As many of the mercenaries began to retreat, unable to withstand the firepower of the Death Spiral, Holt shepherded the students off the battlefield to the cliffs of the crater. Strapping explosives to a speeder bike, Holt jammed the bike's accelerator and sent it into the Death Spiral's speeder bays, which resulted in an explosion that destroyed the tower. Holt then convinced Rusher, who had lost the majority of his forces, to allow her and the students aboard his ship, the Diligence.
However, all Star Wars stand-alone spin-off films were put on hold following the lower-than-expected box office returns from Solo: A Star Wars Story, the second Anthology film, in May 2018.[7] Four months later, Disney CEO Bob Iger revealed that Lucasfilm had reevaluated its release schedule in the wake of the poor reception of Solo.[11] It was later confirmed that there will be a hiatus on Star Wars following the release of Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker until 2022.[12] Despite this, former UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson was quoted in November 2018 as saying that the filmmakers of the Obi-Wan Kenobi film had proposed shooting it in Northern Ireland.[13] The Hollywood Reporter had previously voted it in a 2016 poll as the most wanted Anthology film by fans.[14]
Unknown to the Sith forces, groups of Republic troopers returning from battles in the Outer Rim were stationed across the surface of the planet prior to the invasion. These troopers banded together and took to the forests of Alderaan's Juran Mountains during the Sith attack and proceeded to wage a guerrilla war against the enemy. As Darth Malgus led his forces in a march toward the planet's capital city, he was ambushed by the troopers of Republic Special Forces Division' Havoc Squad. Much of the squad was killed during the battle, but with the timely arrival of Jedi Knight Satele Shan to aid the men of Havoc Squad, Malgus and his Sith forces were routed. Following the skirmish outside the city, the Republic fleet returned from the diversionary feint to drive the Empire off of Alderaan. The battle was a major victory for the Republic, but had grave consequences for the future of Alderaan. Although historically a voice for peace, the Alderaanian government became a vocal proponent of harsh military actions against the Empire in the aftermath of the battle. This new stance came into conflict with the peace established by the Treaty of Coruscant in 3653 BBY, which ultimately led to a bloody planetary civil war.
On Wikipedia, it is common for small, trivial articles like Denuhi-Eight or Myomaran to be deleted as trivial fancruft.  Here, such articles are allowed.  Any article that discusses a canonical character, place, or item in the Star Wars galaxy has a place here.
Over the next two decades, Imperial sympathizers organized into the First Order. Viewing it as a threat to the New Republic, former Rebellion leader Leia Organa created the Resistance to oppose the First Order and protect the Republic. L'ampar joined the Resistance Starfighter Corps and was personally selected by Dameron to join Black Squadron. The squadron was tasked with finding Lor San Tekka, an explorer who was believed to know the location of Luke Skywalker, Organa's brother and the last Jedi.
The Star Wars saga, also referred to as the Skywalker saga, is the main line of Star Wars films that began in 1977 with Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope, which was originally titled Star Wars. While a larger universe of stories and characters has evolved around it, the saga films tell the story of the Skywalker family through a set of three trilogies. The original trilogy ran from 1977 to 1983, which was followed by the prequel trilogy from 1999 to 2005, and the sequel trilogy from 2015 to 2019.
Crimson Dawn was a criminal organization led by the former Sith Lord Maul, who employed gangster Dryden Vos during the reign of the Galactic Empire as the public face of the syndicate. Crimson Dawn was based aboard Vos' yacht First Light. During its existence, Crimson Dawn quickly cemented a reputation for being ruthless. Qi'ra publicly served as Vos' top lieutenant, but later directly worked with Maul after she killed him.
Star Wars Resistance is an animated television series that premiered on October 7, 2018, and concluded on January 26, 2020, having aired on Disney Channel. The series was created by Dave Filoni and executive produced by Athena Yvette Portillo, Justin Ridge, and Brandon Auman. It stars Christopher Sean, Suzie McGrath, Scott Lawrence, Myrna Velasco, Josh Brener, Donald Faison, Bobby Moynihan, and Jim Rash, with appearances from Oscar Isaac as Poe Dameron and Gwendoline Christie as Captain Phasma.
In 3996 BBY, a duel took place on the planet Kuar between the Sith Lord Ulic Qel-Droma and Mandalore the Indomitable, leader of the Mandalorian Crusaders. In the months following the alliance between fellow Dark Lords of the Sith Exar Kun and Qel-Droma, the Mandalorian clans attempted to begin a new crusade under their warlord's banner, believing that they would be able to gain control over the Empress Teta system while the attention of Qel-Droma and his Krath cult was focused elsewhere.
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
Destroyer Down, Run Rey Run, Tracker Trouble, Perilous Pursuit, Age of Resistance - Rey 1, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, Porg Problems, Life Lessons, Poe Dameron 26, Poe Dameron 27, Poe Dameron 28, Star Wars: Allegiance, Pirate's Price, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Spark of the Resistance, Resistance Reborn, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
Jarrus eventually met his death around the year[3] the Battle of Yavin on Lothal, during the rescue of Hera Syndulla after Governor Arihnda Pryce ordered her walker to fire on the fuel pod they were on, sacrificing himself to allow his fellow rebels to escape. Following Jarrus' death, he became a part of the Cosmic Force, manifesting as a huge loth-wolf named Dume, which appeared to Ezra several times. Later, Hera gave birth to their son, whom she named Jacen.
Six years after the formation of the Galactic Empire, on the shipbuilding world of Corellia, a human "scrumrat" and aspiring pilot named Han and his love interest Qi'ra long to escape the clutches of the Grindalid crime boss Lady Proxima's White Worms crime syndicate. Following a delivery job that went awry, Han flees some criminals on his M-68 landspeeder through the streets of Coronet City. He drives through a bridge and hangs his dice on the windscreen.
While preparing to conquer the command center, clone trooper CT-5385, nicknamed "Tup," underwent an unexpected malfunction in a secret organic chip within his head; the chip, clandestinely implanted in all clones by the Sith during the cloning process, initiated Clone Protocol 66 sooner than the Sith intended, causing Tup to face mental lapses that left him agitated and confused. While in a trance, in which the protocol's command to kill Jedi as traitors was activated, he sneaked up behind Tiplar and shot her to death. Tiplee watched as her sister was murdered, and Tiplar's death stalled the Republic momentum. The Jedi and Republic forces quickly apprehended Tup and retreated with him and Tiplar's body further back into the station.[4]
The galaxy-wide Great Sith War was a tumultuous ordeal for both the members of the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic. In the span of just a year and several months, the Brotherhood of the Sith, led by Dark Lord Exar Kun, had steadily confounded both the Jedi and the Republic with defeats in battle. Kun next sought to eliminate the Jedi leadership, and charged his newly-initiated Sith converts with the task of murdering their Masters, a plot that was intended to culminate with the death of Kun's own Master, Vodo-Siosk Baas. The new Sith then departed Kun's stronghold on the jungle-moon of Yavin IV, just as the starship of Mandalore the Indomitable touched down, with the Mandalore rushing out to speak with the Dark Lord. He explained that the premature attack on the galactic capital of Coruscant by Kun's fellow Sith Lord and Krath leader Ulic Qel-Droma, had gone awry. During the battle, Qel-Droma had been imprisoned in a wall of light-side energy by the Jedi, and taken into custody by the Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic. Determined to have the fallen Jedi tried for his war crimes against the galaxy, the only punishment proper in the Chancellor's mind for Qel-Droma was execution.[1]
These are articles that may have their GA status removed by the AgriCorps if not brought back up to quality. Please see what you can to do help the articles maintain their current status.
The Final Order, also known as the New Empire, was the proclaimed empire of the reborn Galactic Emperor Darth Sidious. Formed through the efforts of the Sith Eternal, a sect of the Sith religion that revered the dark side of the Force, the Final Order was the culmination of an agenda over a thousand years in the making. Ultimately, the Final Order's purpose was to bring the galaxy under the perpetual reign of a Sith Empire by force.
Yes i know this post is awful, but I'm not use to the mechanics. Helo, i was new hear yesterday, and I'm liking it so far, but i do have one subjection that may help make this wiki better. I'm use to pages everywhere with no purpose other then to as a group share your thoughts or ask a question and have large amounts of well scifi experted people jump in and answer them. Not quit shure i see these kind of pages though. If you see such places can you let me know? it will make conquering your galaxy so much easier.:) --. [[User:Lord of the STARS i may posably be the son of pirate prince, this is not confurmed. 05:25, May 3, 2014 (UTC)
When the Alliance stole the plans for the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, and destroyed the space station in the Battle of Yavin with the help of Luke Skywalker, the tide of the war began to turn, and the Rebel threat began to prove a severe thorn in the Empire's side. The Rebellion continued to engage in battles with the Empire in the Galactic Civil War. However, under the command of Darth Vader, the Imperial forces succeeded in defeating the Alliance on Hoth, forcing the Alliance to scatter its forces in order to survive.
Ezra Bridger, a Force-sensitive human male, was a Jedi Padawan, a freedom fighter, and a revolutionary leader in the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire. He was born on Empire Day in 19 BBY to Ephraim and Mira Bridger, whose public criticism of the Empire led to their imprisonment, leaving Bridger an orphan on the planet Lothal as a child. He joined the rebel crew of the Ghost in 5 BBY and was trained in the ways of the Force by Kanan Jarrus. Bridger's abilities grew quickly, and a message of hope he broadcast in the Lothal sector inspired a number of rebel cells to begin working together to fight the Empire.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
Hux's influence was diminished by Ren's accession to the rank of Supreme Leader. Though he served on the Supreme Council alongside other members of First Order High Command, Hux had little independent authority without supervision, and was made to serve below Allegiant General Enric Pryde. As a man who harbored ambitions to rule the galaxy, Hux was not content to sit in the shadow of Ren or Pryde. Therefore, he secretly turned against the First Order's interests by passing information to the Resistance, determined to see his rivals lose the war. When Pryde deduced that Hux was a spy, the Allegiant General executed his younger colleague for committing treason against the First Order.
Content approaching. Star Wars: Lando - Double or Nothing, Solo: A Star Wars Story, Star Wars (Marvel 2015), Star Wars: Poe Dameron Book VII: The Awakening, Allegiance 1, Flight of the Falcon, Resistance Reborn, Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 1, Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 3, Spark of the Resistance, Pirate's Price, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, YT-1300 Corellian Freighter Owner's Workshop Manual, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, Star Wars: Millennium Falcon: A 3-D Owner's Guide, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary–class.
The film was released on December 14, 2017 in the United Kingdom, Mexico, Latin America, and European countries; December 15, 2017 in North America; and January 5, 2018 in China. Some North American theaters offered special limited advance showings on the evening of December 14th rather than the traditional midnight showing. The Last Jedi received positive reviews, and it garnered four nominations at the 90th Academy Awards,  including Best Original Score and Best Visual Effects. A sequel, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, was released on December 20, 2019.
The group was headed by the Inexpugnable-class tactical command ship[11] Courageous, Karath's flagship. The battle group set down camps near Serroco's Stereb cities, which housed a great number of naval personnel alongside freelance tradespeople who tagged along, offering food and other services. Notably, Serroco's Camp Three featured the extremely popular Little Bivoli eatery. Unbeknownst to the Republic Navy, the Little Bivoli was run by two of the Republic's most wanted fugitives&#8212;Zayne Carrick, a former Jedi Padawan accused of murdering his whole class on Taris, and his Snivvian "accomplice" Marn Hierogryph. By setting their camps so close to the cities, the Republic was hoping that they would be better able to protect them, counting on the idea that the Mandalorians would not want to destroy potentially valuable loot in the cities. In addition to the Republic Army troopers[4] and Navy shuttles and other craft at the camps, Battle Group Serroco surrounded Serroco with a blockade of vessels, including Hammerhead-class cruisers, similarly-designed starships, Foray-class blockade runners and a number of Aurek-class strikefighters.[3] However, Carrick had a vision&#8212;the former Jedi Padawan, while on a break from his duties at the Little Bivoli, foresaw that Mandalore the Ultimate would order the cities destroyed out of disgust for the Republic's tactics. Horrified, Carrick resolved to warn Admiral Karath and attempt to avert disaster.[4]
During the Clone Wars, Darth Maul sought to supplant his former Master Darth Sidious, the reigning Dark Lord of the Sith, who was manipulating the war between the Republic and the Separatists for his own ends. In order to challenge both sides, Maul gathered an army of exiled Mandalorian warriors, known as the Death Watch, and criminal organizations such as the Black Sun, the Pyke Syndicate and the Hutt Clan into an enterprise known as the Shadow Collective.[9] Combining their resources, the Shadow Collective seized control of the neutral world of Mandalore, establishing a power base for Maul to defy both the Republic and the Separatists.[10]
Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
The story begins thirty years after the events of Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi. The First Order has risen from the ashes of the Galactic Empire and is opposed by General Leia Organa and the Resistance, both of which seek to find the missing Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. In the midst of this search, new heroes rise in the form of Rey, a Force-sensitive scavenger from Jakku; Finn, a stormtrooper who defected from the First Order; and Poe Dameron, the best pilot in the Resistance. They are aided by Han Solo in their search for Skywalker and their mission to destroy the First Order's new superweapon, Starkiller Base, which targets the New Republic and the Resistance for destruction. They are opposed by villains such as Kylo Ren, a dark warrior with a mysterious past; and General Armitage Hux, the commander of Starkiller Base.
Content approaching. Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Teach You, I Will, The Imposter Inside, The Starfighter Stunt, Unexpected Company, Thrawn: Alliances, Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 1, Ahsoka, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Ocean Rescue, A Disarming Lesson, Wolves and a Door, A World Between Worlds–class.
Aeos Prime, also simply known as Aeos, was an ocean planet in the Aeos system of the Outer Rim Territories, home to the aquatic Aeosian species. The Aeosians allowed the Rebel Alliance to utilize an outpost on the planet, which was attacked by the First Order during its war against the Resistance.
In 1000 BBY, recently promoted Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Bane abandoned the Brotherhood of Darkness in the midst of a war with the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic. Convinced that the Brotherhood was nothing more than a flawed collection of individuals whose affirmation of the Force's dark side had diluted its potency, Bane left them to embark on his own search for Sith enlightenment. His quest led him to Lehon, or the "Unknown World," the planet where the Jedi Civil War of nearly three thousand years prior had ended. Once there, he located an ancient Rakatan temple, wherein he discovered and began tedious exploration into the Sith holocron of Darth Revan.[2]
The film is set ten years after the Battle of Naboo, when the galaxy is on the brink of civil war. Under the leadership of renegade Jedi Master Count Dooku, thousands of systems threaten to secede from the Republic. When an assassination attempt is made on Senator Padmé Amidala, the former Queen of Naboo, Jedi apprentice Anakin Skywalker is assigned to protect her, while his mentor Obi-Wan Kenobi is assigned to investigate the assassination attempt. Soon the Jedi are drawn into the heart of the separatist movement, and the beginning of a new threat to the galaxy: the Clone Wars.
Republic ships such as the Sendant Pride[12] and the Deliverance[10] were damaged or destroyed during the battle and succumbed to Hoth's powerful gravity well, joining the growing number of ships strewn upon the icy surface.[5] The Vehement Sword, a prototype warship equipped with the newly developed Null Cannons&#8212;weapons that fired energy blasts to disable entire starships, similar to large-scale ion cannons&#8212;was another casualty of the conflict, breaking in half upon impact and splintering the Null Cannon prototype into dozens of pieces.[14] The Star of Coruscant itself crashed onto the planet, but the dreadnaught's armor was so strong that the ship remained completely intact, buried in the snow and ice.[13] A Valor-class cruiser, the Intercessor, escaped the battle and went on to fight in the Sacking of Coruscant and the Cold War.[11] The starfighter carrier Conraddas Vindicator was among the casualties[6] as well as a Republic transport ship that was carrying experimental stealth field generators.[15] The Mon Calamari&#8211;designed cruiser Dauntless Star shot down over sixty Imperial fighters before being destroyed,[9] while starfighter units such as Victor Squadron took down dozens of battle cruisers before they, too, were eliminated.[16]
The First Order, also known as the Order, was a military junta that ruled large swathes of the galaxy during the New Republic Era. Under the dictatorship of Supreme Leader Snoke and his successor, Kylo Ren, the First Order grew from a hermit state in the Unknown Regions into the dominant galactic power. Unlike the New Republic that strived to create a democratic and demilitarized galaxy, fascism and militarism were ideological features of the First Order regime.
The First Order took over Hays Minor's mines[9] and forced Rose's people to mine their planet's resources to feed their war machine.[1]  Rose and Paige protected their parents and fellow citizens from the First Order and their mining pollution. Rose was able to blow up twelve OreDiggers and stop the First Order's mining operations for three days. Her parents told her that she and Paige had to find the Resistance and join them in their fight against the First Order. Rose and Paige were welcomed into the Resistance by Admirals Gial Ackbar and Amilyn Holdo. The two of them joined the Resistance's Cobalt Squadron. Rose eventually received news[9] that the First order shelled her people to test the results. Having lost everything they had to the First Order, Rose and her sister committed themselves to the Resistance to avenge their homeworld.[1] The two of them were approached by General Leia Organa, who offered them her condolences for the First Order's genocide of Hays Minor. Organa told Rose and her sister that she would let them go after First Order on their own. However, the two sisters decided to stay, knowing, they could make a bigger impact on the First Order. Rose and Paige promised themselves that they would stop the First Order from pillaging and destroying other worlds.[9]
WookieeProject Video Games is within the scope of WookieeProject Video Games, an attempt to build comprehensive and detailed articles with topics originating from any Star Wars video games.
In addition to his combat skills, Grievous was a brilliant military strategist who oversaw multiple campaigns throughout the Clone Wars&#8212;from the Battle of Kamino, where he failed to halt the production line of clone troopers; to the Battle of Dathomir, where his battle droids massacred the Nightsisters led by the witch Mother Talzin. In 19 BBY, Grievous launched a daring raid on Coruscant, the Republic capital world, resulting in the abduction of Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine. However, the Jedi succeeded in rescuing the Chancellor while driving back the Separatist invaders. Following the loss of Dooku, Grievous and his army went into hiding in the Outer Rim Territories. Unknown to Grievous, his master, the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, betrayed the general's location to the Jedi Order, allowing them to invade the planet Utapau in an effort to bring a swift and decisive conclusion to the war. As a result, Grievous was ultimately slain by his nemesis, Jedi General Obi-Wan Kenobi, whose 212th Attack Battalion went on to secure Utapau even as Order 66 went into effect, marking the fall of the Republic and the rise of the Galactic Empire.
If you find and use a non-standard upload form that we have not yet disabled, and then fail to add all the required data to the file information page as outlined below, you can expect your upload to be quickly deleted, and you may be blocked.
The Fromm Tower Droid was heavily armed. Four laser cannons were located in pairs on the chassis, fore and aft of the tower assembly. The Tower Droid's primary weapon was a repulsor ball launcher located in the tower section. The obsidian repulsor balls[4] were kept on two racks to either side of the primary cognitive module and released from two sliding panels on the front of the tower. These antigravity repulsor balls were small and maneuverable,[1] with an inbuilt repulsorlift engine[4] that allowed them to greatly exceed the speed of the Tower Droid and outrun a target vehicle at speeds of over 250 kilometers per hour.[1] The spheres were operated remotely by the Tower Droid, which could control up to five at any one time, making them extremely difficult for a target to evade. Packed with powerful explosives, the repulsor balls were programmed to detonate when they closed to within one meter of their target, causing an explosion that could overcome most defensive systems.[4]
In the year 5 BBY,[3] a group of rebels operated on and around the Outer Rim planet Lothal, where they carried out attacks against the operations of the Galactic Empire. The rebels set their sights on gaining new allies and growing their movement beyond Lothal, so they were given the location of potential allies by Cikatro Vizago, a crime lord and the leader of the Broken Horn Syndicate on Lothal. Their ship, the Ghost, rendezvoused with the vessel of the potential allies, only to find the other ship damaged. After boarding the ship, the rebels discovered that it was a Wookiee starship; it made sense to the rebels that the Wookiees would want to join the fight against the Empire, as the Imperials had taken over their home planet of Kashyyyk. The crew explored the vessel and learned that one of the Wookiees was Wullffwarro, a soldier who fought for the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars. The rebels also found an injured Trandoshan slaver aboard, who told them that the Trandoshans sold the Wookiees as slaves to the Empire. Hera Syndulla, the owner and pilot of the Ghost, contacted Vizago to tell him what had transpired, and the crime lord said he would find out what happened.[5]
The Millennium Falcon, original designation YT 492727ZED, was a Corellian YT-1300f light freighter most famously used by the smugglers Han Solo and Chewbacca during the Galactic Civil War. In the time following the Battle of Endor, Imperial turncoat Ralsius Paldora noted that 2.2 out of every 300 stormtroopers were aware of the Falcon's existence.[41]
Principal photography began in 2018, and filming wrapped in 2019. Footage from The Rise of Skywalker was first made public on April 12, 2019 at Celebration Chicago. The film was released on December 20, 2019. It received mixed reviews from critics. The Rise of Skywalker received three nominations at the 92nd Academy Awards: Best Original Score, Best Visual Effects, and Best Sound Editing. It has grossed over $1 billion worldwide, making it the forty-sixth highest-grossing film of all time.
Qi'ra was sold into slavery by Proxima to the slave dealer Sarkin Enneb, who eventually sold her to Dryden Vos, the public leader of Crimson Dawn. Vos trained Qi'ra in martial arts and prompted her to kill Enneb, branding her right wrist with the Crimson Dawn symbol and making her his most trusted lieutenant.
The Emperor ruled the galaxy for a generation with Darth Vader as his last apprentice. His reign remained relatively unchallenged until the formation of the Alliance to Restore the Republic which, in turn, began the Galactic Civil War in 0 BBY. After the Death Star was destroyed, the Emperor sensed a disturbance in the Force and foresaw Luke Skywalker's potential to destroy him. During the construction of a new Death Star, the Emperor manipulated Skywalker into a confrontation with Vader, believing the Jedi aspirant could be turned like his father before him. However, the Emperor was confounded by Skywalker's refusal to join the Sith, causing Sidious to torture the young Jedi Knight with Force lightning. Affected by his son's compassion, Vader sacrificed his life by destroying the Emperor, and thus fulfilled his destiny as the Chosen One in 4 ABY.
The Confederacy of Independent Systems (CIS), also known as the Separatist Alliance, the Separatist State, and commonly referred to as the Separatists, was a partially recognized galactic government that controlled a portion of the Mid Rim and Outer Rim Territories. Formed by thousands of secessionist star systems on the grounds of excessive taxation and corruption within the Galactic Senate, the Separatists were led by the former Jedi Count Dooku, who served as the Alliance's Head of State. In addition the Separatists were secretly supported by several corporations, including the Trade Federation, headed by Viceroy Nute Gunray, the Techno Union, led by Wat Tambor, the Retail Caucus, the InterGalactic Banking Clan, based on Scipio and led by San Hill, the Commerce Guild, and the Corporate Alliance.
Republic troops ultimately broke through the Confederacy's stronghold on Bogoa, and in the aftermath of the engagement, Coppertop came across the stricken clone trooper Gunner and bandaged up the clone's torso. However, unbeknownst to the droid, he was sighted by Ventress and Cyreltov, and the pair observed his actions from afar. During an effort by the Republic forces to roundup their missing comrades, Clone Commander CC-2224&#8212;nicknamed "Cody"&#8212;also came across Coppertop, and he immediately assumed that the droid had hostile intentions toward Gunner, so he pointed his blaster at the droid and ordered Coppertop to put his hands up. Before Cody could destroy the droid, his superior, Jedi General Obi-Wan Kenobi, intervened and ordered Cody to hold back, because he could sense that Coppertop was different than other battle droids. When challenged by Kenobi to explain why he was helping Gunner, Coppertop introduced himself and told the Jedi that he had overcome his primary protocols. Suspicious of Coppertop's motives, Kenobi asked the droid to accompany him back to the Republic encampment.[2]
HG-211 was a military droid with a masculine persona who served as the head of security for a droid community that dwelled on the moon Uffel in the Cularin system during the waning years of the Galactic Republic. Circa 31 BBY, the rogue protocol droid LN-73 fell to the surface of Uffel during a debris storm and set about sabotaging droid production facilities in the city X2-4. HG-211 hired the Heroes of Cularin, a group of freelance agents, to identify the source of the vandalism, and after LN-73 learned of the military droid's investigation, it incapacitated HG-211 via a power surge from a computer terminal. However, the agents defeated LN-73, and HG-211 was repaired.
Secretly ruled by Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Sidious&#8212;publicly known as Galactic Emperor Palpatine&#8212;the new regime rose to power with a groundswell of populist support, promising peace and stability from the destructive Clone Wars and capitalizing on anti-Jedi and anti-droid sentiment. The subsequent Age of the Empire would last only two decades in contrast to the centuries of the Republic Era, but not before the Jedi Order was systematically purged and almost eradicated, and the galaxy largely conquered.
During the First Order–Resistance war, large swathes of the galaxy fell to the forces of the First Order&#8212;a military junta determined to recapture the legacy of the Galactic Empire. Due to the demilitarization efforts of the New Republic, the First Order Navy stood as the single largest military force of its time. However, it was but a fraction of the total might of the Imperial Navy. Once bolstered by an armada consisting of thousands of Sith Star Destroyers, the First Order gained the means to project the iron rule of military might across the galaxy, which would transform the hermit state into a true Empire. Though Sidious considered Supreme Leader Kylo Ren and the Jedi Rey as potential heirs to the New Empire, he ultimately assumed the reins of power as Emperor. However, his warships were destroyed by the Resistance and their allies, while Sidious himself was defeated by Rey and a redeemed Ben Solo. With the Final Order defeated on Exegol, the First Order's remaining forces faced a series of uprisings throughout the galaxy.
In order to communicate over long distances, the DR-10 was equipped with an integrated comlink. Some variants of the droid had a recording unit along with extensive sensor equipment, which included 360-degree, infrared, and telescopic vision as well as motion sensors.[2] Other models of the droid came equipped with translator units in order to interpret languages.[1] Some of the droids had black-colored photoreceptors, along with plating that was white, black silver, and copper-colored. The droid had its photoreceptors on the sides of its spherical body, and it had a black-colored protrusion on its top side.[2]
Norath's signal was picked up by Kazuda Xiono, a Resistance spy who lived aboard the Colossus. Though Captain Imanuel Doza was concerned it was a trap, Xiono and his mentor Jarek Yeager, a veteran New Republic starfighter pilot managed to convince Doza to give them one rotation. Xiono and Yeager departed for Varkana with the pirate Synara San and Kaz's BB-series astromech droid CB-23.[3]
Although the Expanded Universe has been relegated to non-canon "Legends" status, Lucasfilm considers all Expanded Universe material to be a "resource" of information that any author may freely draw upon for "new canon" stories. In the event an Expanded Universe subject appears or is mentioned in a new canon story, that subject becomes official canon once again. However, that does not necessarily mean that the subject's entire previous Expanded Universe history regains canon status. Wookieepedia contributors must take care to treat as canon only elements of a subject presented within the confines of new canon source material.
Tamara Ryvora was the daughter of a racer. Her father's career inspired her to become a racer herself,[7] and she left her home planet of Kuat to pursue that dream. After falling on hard times[1] while working her way up the circuit, Tam came to the Colossus station on Castilon sometime before 34 ABY. She became good friends with another racer, Hype Fazon. However, the friendship ended after Fazon earned a place in the Ace Squadron, reserved for the station's most elite pilots, and moved to Doza Tower.[8] Ryvora's racing career was derailed when, in need of credits to repair her racer, she borrowed on the ship's value prior to a race, but lost the race and, consequently, her ship.[7]
In the first year of the war, the Sith's navy moved onto the Rimma super-hyperroute,[1] successfully blockading the path by stationing the bulk of its fleet in the Seswenna sector,[5] near the edge of the Mid Rim.[7] With the vital and extensive hyperspace lane under their control, the Imperials strangled Republic supply lines in a highly effective operation[6] that strained the Jedi defenders in the Minos Cluster and the forces of the Republic across the Outer Rim.[5] The repercussions that weighed heavily on the Republic's defense force were also felt on the capital world of Coruscant, where the blockade contributed to a panic in the upper echelons of galactic politics.[1] The Republic Military eventually staged a counterattack in the Seswenna sector but suffered a devastating loss that saw the capture of hundreds of Republic soldiers. Although news of the failed assault was greatly demoralizing for other Republic forces in the Outer Rim that relied on supplies from the Rimma Trade Route, the fleets of the Republic Navy were able to regroup[5] by 3680 BBY[4] and launch yet another attack in the Seswenna region. That effort proved effective, and the Sith blockade of the trade route was broken, freeing up transport for Republic supplies to the Outer Rim Territories.[5]
The nine released films of the Skywalker saga begin their designation with "Episode" followed by their chronological order displayed as a roman numeral. Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope was originally released simply as Star Wars, as it was not known whether it would be followed by a sequel. Beginning with its April 10, 1981 re-release, it was renamed to its current title.
The Sith Empire's invasion of the planet Corellia was carefully planned over a number of years by the Sith Lord Darth Decimus during the Cold War between the Empire and the Galactic Republic. Agents of Imperial Intelligence identified potential turncoats in the highest levels of the planet's government and secretly recruited them, promising the politicians lifetime power in return for loyalty, and the Empire soon had almost the entirety of the planet's ruling Corellian Council in its pocket.[5] Darbin Sull, one of the youngest individuals ever elected to the council, was quick to pledge loyalty to the Empire when they promised him the position of prime minister in return[60]&#8212;something they refrained from informing the current Imperial-allied prime minister, Cal Falcone.[36] Councilor Belos agreed to aid the Empire out of a belief that their superior military might would inevitably overwhelm the Republic,[61] while Councilor Caicos used a combination of bribes, blackmail, and threats to convince the other council members to back the Empire when the Imperial admiral known as the Voidwolf called in a debt.[62] The First Son of the Sith Emperor helped convince the Council to join the Empire by revealing his identity as Syo Bakarn, a Jedi Master and member of the Jedi Council, to Secretary Nadien as an example of his power.[19]
In 8 ABY, an Imperial science team, MS-133, began excavating the ruins on Aaris III. They rediscovered the Plaque of Victory and fell victim to its manipulations until the last two survivors, Lancer Brunou and Solla Deremot, were rescued from the planet by the New Republic CR90 corvette FarStar. Aboard the vessel, the Plaque attempted to spread its influence to the crew; however, the FarStar's personnel realized the cause of their problems and jettisoned the Plaque into space, freeing themselves from the artifact's manipulations.
Holshef was a human male who lived on the[1] Outer Rim Territories[3] planet Lothal under the Galactic Republic and later its successor, the Galactic Empire. His grandmother had come to the planet as a young woman and built the family home in Capital City.[1]
Also, some of our rules, policies and article standards differ greatly from those of Wikipedia; please see Wookieepedia:Policies, Layout Guide and Manual of Style for more details.
In the presence of the freighter's pilots, Garnac expressed excitement over the capture, believing that Tano would prove to be a challenge for Dar's upcoming first hunt. The Trandoshans left Felucia for Wasskah shortly after, and, under Garnac's orders, Lagon piloted the ship to Wasskah's Island Four, where the prey was released. Lo-Taren manned one of the freighter's laser cannons and promptly killed two of the prisoners on the island's beach, forcing the survivors to run and find cover.[1]
Kun and Master Baas engaged in a heated verbal exchange, with neither willing to accept the other's terms. Kun then ignited his lightsaber while issuing his challenge, and his blade met Baas' Force-imbued staff in battle. When it was realized that the opponents were evenly matched in combat, Kun sought to tip the balance in his favor by revealing his latest creation, a weapon of ancient Sith design: the double-bladed lightsaber. Baas' own mettle now faltering under the strength of Kun's blows, the Master sensed his impending demise as he prophesied a future meeting between the two of them, where Baas vowed to defeat Kun forever. He then became one with the Force under the power of Kun's killing stroke, being mocked by his former apprentice even unto death. His part in the bloody Jedi pogrom complete, the Dark Lord of the Sith departed the Convocation Chamber with Ulic Qel-Droma and Mandalore the Indomitable, resuming their quest for dominion over the galaxy.
Roodown once witnessed Plutt being kidnapped by the criminal Zool Zendiat and described what had happened to the scavenger Rey when she arrived to investigate. When a desert storm later uncovered the downed Star Destroyer Spectral, Plutt encouraged the scavengers of Niima to ransack it for him and had Roodown throttle the scavenger Teedo when he questioned the junk dealer. Constable Zuvio then sliced off Roodown's mechanical hand in order to stop any further harm befalling Teedo. In 34 ABY, shortly after the First Order attacked the nearby Tuanul village, Roodown passed by Rey in the outpost.
Tower Droids had no developed personalities and only rudimentary intelligence programming,[1] leaving them unable to differentiate between friendly and hostile contacts.[5] Their array of sensors, heavy armament, and ability to maneuver over rough terrain saw them primarily used by the Fromm Gang as mobile sentries. When its scans of the surrounding area revealed an intruder, the Tower Droid could use its seeker drones to investigate and capture the target, or utilize its weapon systems to neutralize it.[4] Tower Droids also saw military use with the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars[3] and were later used by assorted paramilitary groups.[1] Tower Droids operating at Tig Fromm's base on the planet Ingo were stored in a large hangar when not in use. Fromm Tower Droids were commonly referred to as guardian droids or sentry droids.[5]
The series is set between the events of Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi and Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens, in a time when the Resistance is still learning about the growing threat of the First Order. It centers on the character of Kazuda Xiono, a young pilot in General Leia Organa's Resistance who is tasked with spying on the growing threat of the First Order.[1]
Content approaching. Star Wars Book VI: Yoda's Secret War, Dooku: Jedi Lost, Master &amp; Apprentice, Balance, The Weapon, Mission, Obi-Wan and Anakin 5, Jedi of the Republic &#8211; Mace Windu 1, Jedi of the Republic &#8211; Mace Windu 5, Star Wars: The Clone Wars, The Padawan Path, Teach You, I Will, Hide and Seek, Kanan 7, Kanan 8, Kanan 9, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5, The Trial of Dagobah, From a Certain Point of View, The Path Ahead, Star Wars 1 and Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel–class.
In 15 BBY,[2] Fett was approached by the gangster Sise Fromm on Boonta to hunt the young racing team of Thall Joben and Jord Dusat, along with their rebel associate Kea Moll,[3] after the group destroyed Fromm's Trigon One weapons satellite, leaving the Fromm Gang powerless against their rivals.[5] Though Jabba the Hutt had placed a bounty on Fromm and his son Tig, Fett agreed to take the job in return for a previous favor provided by the Fromm Gang.[3]
Chiba DR-10 protocol droids were originally designed for the purposes of negotiation and translation, tasks aided by the vast amount of information contained in the droids' memory banks about law, customs, trade, and business matters.[1] The droid had enough knowledge of Imperial law that it could provide individuals with legal advice.[2] Some of the droids had translator units to help in translation, and they were programmed to speak and understand Galactic Basic Standard, binary, as well as five languages that could be chosen by the owner.[1]
The plan for an Imperial invasion of Alderaan was headed by the Sith Lord Malgus, who had recently been granted the honorific title of "Darth." Malgus specialized in surprise assaults and utilized that ability in planning the attack on Alderaan.[10] In 3667 BBY,[5] the Sith Lord manipulated the forces of the Republic Navy into all but abandoning the planet in order to deal with a situation light years away&#8212;a situation that was in fact nothing more than a diversionary feint fabricated by Malgus to pull defenses away from his target.[10] Unbeknown to the Sith, however, a number of Jedi&#8212;including Satele Shan,[2]&#8212;were on the planet to investigate rumors of Imperial interference in the politics of the ruling noble families. Additionally, many troopers from the Republic Army, specifically the Special Forces division, were on Alderaan, for the peaceful Core World served as a rest and medical recuperation center for soldiers returning from brutal battlefronts across the Mid and Outer Rim.[2]
By the year 7 ABY,[4] an R2-series astromech droid[1] produced by Industrial Automaton[1][2] served Rogue Squadron pilot Gavin Darklighter during the squadron's independent campaign against the forces of de facto Imperial leader Ysanne Isard in the Bacta War. Darklighter called the droid Jawaswag, as he figured that any member of the Jawa species would love to own the droid. That year, Jawaswag accompanied Darklighter in his T-65 X-wing starfighter on an ambush of Imperial-affiliated tankers containing the valuable medical substance bacta after a trio of tankers were diverted to a star system away from their escort once their navicomputers were sliced. There, Rogue Squadron convinced the three tankers to accompany them as they left the system, but the delay it took for Darklighter and his wingmate, Riv Shiel, to intimidate the tanker Xucphra Alazhi into joining them allowed the tankers' escort, the Victory II-class Star Destroyer Corrupter, to arrive on the scene.[1]
It has the potential to be canon as it does not go against anything that happens in the story of STAR WARS.--Tayd0gta (talk) 03:05, April 30, 2014 (UTC)
Wookieepedia articles are to be formatted for ideal presentation in the Fandom skin, also known as Oasis. This is in particular regard to paragraph size and image placement.
Tiplee was a member of the Jedi Order along with her twin sister, Tiplar, and both sisters eventually achieved the rank of Jedi Master. During the Clone Wars, they served as Jedi Generals within the Grand Army of the Republic. In that capacity, Tiplee and her sister served in the Republic campaign at the planet Ringo Vinda,[4] fighting alongside such clone troopers as Commander Doom,[5] to take an orbital space station from the Confederacy of Independent Systems. Along with Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, the two Jedi sisters led the clone troopers under their command against the battle droid forces of Admiral Trench.[4] After several encounters, the Republic forces reached the station's communication center and captured it.[6]
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
A veteran spy of the Rebellion, Andor maintained a network of contacts throughout the galaxy who kept him informed about the activities of the Galactic Empire.[2] Throughout his career as an intelligence agent, Andor worked undercover and used several aliases. While working as a government agent on Ord Mantell, Andor went by the name Willix. As a senatorial contact on Darknell, he was Aach. Andor used the name Joreth Sward when he was an assistant to Admiral Grendreef. Andor also used the code name Fulcrum when he worked as a Rebel recruiter in the Albarrio sector.[1]
Kanan Jarrus, born Caleb Dume, was a Force-sensitive human male Jedi Knight who survived Order 66 during the Clone Wars. Living on thanks to the sacrifice of his Master, Depa Billaba, on Kaller, he met the smuggler Janus Kasmir, who taught him how to survive as a fugitive. Going into hiding, he forsook the Jedi ways for some time, swapping his blue-bladed lightsaber for a blaster. After working with the Twi'lek rebel operative Hera Syndulla during the Gorse conflict, Jarrus decided to join her nascent rebel cell.
The Fromm Tower Droid, also known as a guardian droid and sentry droid, was a heavily armed droid designed by Tig Fromm, the son of the noted Annoo-dat crime lord Sise Fromm, and manufactured at his secret base on the planet Ingo. Four meters tall, with a cylindrical tower extending from an armored chassis, the Tower Droid could travel at speeds up to 100 kilometers per hour on six large pneumatic wheels. The Tower Droid was fitted with numerous sensors, and could respond to nearby threats with its arsenal of four laser cannons and two repulsor ball launchers. Tower Droids were primarily used by the Fromm Gang as perimeter sentries, but they were also used by the Confederacy of Independent Systems at the Battle of Xagobah during the Clone Wars. In 15 BBY, many Tower Droids were destroyed during the rescue of the captive speeder racer Jord Dusat from Tig Fromm's base, leading Fromm to increase production to cover the losses. Soon after, both Tig and Sise Fromm were captured by the bounty hunter Boba Fett. The Fromms' rivals seized their assets, and the remaining Tower Droids were dispersed around the galaxy.
Once the agents had investigated X2-4's production lines and droid development facilities for evidence of the identity of the saboteur, HG-211 contacted the agents via comlink and summoned them back to his office to explain their findings to him. However, LN-73 had learned of HG-211's investigation, and, while the security droid was interviewing the agents, the rogue mechanical initiated a power cell overload that caused a surge at HG-211's computer terminal and incapacitated the security droid. The Heroes of Cularin proceeded to locate and defeat LN-73, and HG-211 was taken away to be fixed. Two hours later, the repairs on the security droid were complete, and HG-211 thanked the agents for their services. He paid them a sum of credits and bequeathed to them the droid MSF-111, an MSF-series unit that had developed a fondness for the agents during the course of their investigation.[1]
The crazed Sith was eventually found by his brother, Savage Opress, over a decade after the former's defeat on Naboo. During the Galactic Civil War, the Duros Akar Duel ruled over a collection of monster droids built from Lotho Minor's scrap and claimed the planet as his own, but his servants turned against him and gained their freedom after encountering the Rebel Alliance droid C-3PO.
Tamara Ryvora, nicknamed "Tam," and later designated DT-533, was a human female mechanic from Kuat who served as a member of Team Fireball on the Colossus, a refueling station in the Outer Rim Territories. She aspired to be a star racer and saw repairing the derelict starship Fireball as a second chance at her goal, after having lost her first ship. Eventually, Tam joined the First Order and served as a TIE pilot.
During that same time, a Jedi Convocation was called&#8212;the first one to be held since the gathering on the planet Deneba some ten years prior. It had been organized by Head of the Order Nomi Sunrider on the Exis mining station in the Teedio system.[5] Of all those present, one of the most vocal was the female Cathar Jedi Sylvar,[7] who had lost her mate, Crado, during the war.[8] Though it was not his fault, Qel-Droma was held responsible by Sylvar for Crado's demise, as well as for the deaths of countless others who perished during Qel-Droma's time as a Sith.[7]
Lucasfilm first announced Star Wars Rebels on May 20, 2013, following the news that the animated television series Star Wars: The Clone Wars would be ending and that a new series would be produced. Star Wars Rebels was the first new major Star Wars project to be released following The Walt Disney Company's acquisition of Lucasfilm Ltd. in 2012. The series was created by Dave Filoni, Simon Kinberg, and Carrie Beck, and stars actors Taylor Gray, Freddie Prinze Jr., Vanessa Marshall, Tiya Sircar, Steve Blum, David Oyelowo, James Earl Jones, Ashley Eckstein, Dee Bradley Baker, Philip Anthony-Rodriguez, Sarah Michelle Gellar, and Jason Isaacs.
The emergence of the Sith Order was the result of a schism that fractured Jedi unity, dividing the Order between the Jedi who remained faithful to the light and a group of renegades that followed a rogue Jedi into exile for exploring the dark side of the Force. Henceforth, the Jedi and Sith warred with each other for centuries. Although the last conflict concluded with the fall of the Old Republic, the ancient Sith all but perished as well, allowing a new Galactic Republic to rise under the protection of the Jedi Order. Unknown to the Jedi, however, the Sith endured in secret for a millennium beginning with Darth Bane, the sole-surviving Dark Lord of the Sith who reformed the Sith way by creating the Rule of Two&#8212;a rule limiting the Sith Order's ranks to two members; a Sith Master to embody the power of the dark side; and a Sith apprentice to covet that power. While the Jedi and Republic moved on, their ancient wars with the Sith all but fading from memory, Bane's legacy spawned a lineage of Sith Lords that culminated in the rise of Darth Sidious approximately three decades before the Battle of Yavin.
With his father's support, Xiono was able to enroll in a military academy which, in turn, led to service in the New Republic Defense Fleet. By then, the rise of the First Order gave way to a tense political standoff between the Republic and the Galactic Empire's successor. By 34 ABY, Xiono was serving as a T-85 X-wing pilot in the New Republic Starfighter Corps.[4]
Qi'ra hailed from the planet Corellia during the reign of the Galactic Empire, before the outbreak of the Galactic Civil War.[3] She grew up on the streets and became friends with Han.[1] By the time Qi'ra was eighteen years old, she was enmeshed in a criminal life working for the White Worms gang on Corellia.[3] She was chosen by Lady Proxima to be the Head Girl[2] after Han revealed to her that Qi'ra had turned down an opportunity to travel the galaxy, but to work for her instead.[4] Qi'ra attempted to flee Corellia with Han, by this point her lover, who had stolen a vial of coaxium during a delivery for Proxima that had gone badly. After a confrontation with Proxima, in which Solo caused a distraction by shattering a window allowing light in, exploiting her vulnerablility of her skin, he and Qi'ra attempted to escape through the Imperial control zone using the coaxium to bribe Falthina Sharest, an Imperial Emigration Officer. Sharest agreed to allow them through, provided they handed over the coaxium before passing through the security gate. Solo reluctantly agreed, and instructed Qi'ra to hand it over. However, only Solo got through, Qi'ra was captured by several members of the White Worms, and the gate closed when Sharest triggered a security alert. Solo promised Qi'ra he would come back for her as soon as possible before he ran away from the gate.[1]
Star Wars Legends articles will comprehensively cover all non-contradictory stories from Star Wars Tales issues 1&#8211;20 in the article body. Content from Tales 1&#8211;20 stories that were referenced in no other Legends source must be clearly labeled with the following advisory tags:
In 0 BBY, Bridger managed to free his people from the Empire's control during the Liberation of Lothal. Towards the end of the battle, he and Thrawn were taken into hyperspace by the purrgil. This opening allowed the Lothal resistance on the ground to free the planet by destroying the Imperial dome. After the fall of the Empire, Wren and Ahsoka Tano set off on a journey to find Bridger and bring him home.
The son of Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker and Senator Padmé Amidala, Luke Skywalker was born along with his twin sister Leia in 19 BBY. As a result of Amidala's death and Anakin's fall to the dark side of the Force, the Skywalker children were separated and sent into hiding, with Leia adopted by the royal family of Alderaan while Luke was raised by his relatives on Tatooine. Longing for a life of adventure and purpose, Skywalker joined the Rebellion and began learning the ways of the Force under the guidance of Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi, whose first apprentice was Luke's own father. During the Battle of Yavin in 0 BBY, Skywalker saved the Alliance from annihilation by destroying the Empire's planet-killing superweapon, the Death Star. He continued his training in the years that followed, determined to become a Jedi Knight like his father before him, and found a new mentor in Grand Master Yoda. After his master's death, Skywalker participated in the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY, during which he confronted the Sith Lord Darth Vader, whom he learned was in fact his father, Anakin Skywalker. With Luke's help, Anakin returned to the light side of the Force by destroying the Emperor at the cost of his own life, fulfilling his destiny as the Chosen One.
Jori Daragon later led Teta's fleet in pursuit of her brother Gav, who had found himself in a predicament: he had become trapped aboard Sadow's empty Sith Meditation Sphere after Sadow tricked him into coming aboard the vessel by promising to meet him face-to-face. Gav gave the Koros forces the location of the Sith Empire, but soon afterward, Sadow reappeared and triggered a secret weapon to destroy the nearby star of Primus Goluud. The ensuing explosion killed Gav Daragon.[2] Sadow returned to the Sith Empire defeated; his forces had taken losses at Koros Major, Coruscant, and Kirrek, thereby ending any hope of a victory for the Sith Empire. Teta's forces followed him to the Empire's holdings and defeated him in battle over Korriban, forcing the Dark Lord of the Sith to fake his death and flee to the faraway moon of Yavin 4.[4] The city of Cinnagar was greatly damaged in the battle, but it had been fully rebuilt by 3996 BBY and was flourishing at that time.[5]
With regards to the process of Consensus track forums which are discussed and debated among the entire community, it is the responsibility of administrators both to provide input on consensus track threads, as well as closing the threads when they are finished.
To upload files, you must have: (1) an account that is at least four days old; (2) at least fifty edits on Wookieepedia; and (3) a confirmed email address in your preferences. If you don't meet those requirements, our system will prevent you from uploading files until you do.
After the destruction of the New Republic, Finn provided the Resistance with the information they needed to destroy the First Order's superweapon, Starkiller Base. During the attack, he was defeated and nearly killed by the dark warrior Kylo Ren. Rescued by Rey and Chewbacca, Finn recuperated from his injuries and by the time he awoke, the Resistance was forced to evacuate their base on D'Qar. Despite attempting to escape from the conflict once more, a mission with Rose Tico convinced Finn to truly join the Resistance to the extent where he nearly sacrificed his life for their cause during the Battle of Crait in 34 ABY. Finn later continued assisting the Resistance by joining Rey on the quest to find the Sith Wayfinder and end the malevolent religion once and for all eight months later, eventually becoming a general along with Poe after Leia's passing. Finn later led the ground forces during the battle on the planet Exegol.
In response, the Empire's ruling Dark Council put into motion several new initiatives. The first was the manipulation of the Mandalorian warrior clans to engage in the Blockade of the Hydian Way, meant to prevent the movement of foodstuffs to the Core Worlds and the transportation of military wares to embattled Republic armies in the Outer Rim. The blockade was highly successful and held for a year,[1] allowing for the Empire to launch another highly successful offensive by 3660 BBY:[4] the Rim Campaign. Overseen by the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Angral, the Rim Campaign was focused on securing holdings in the Outer Rim, such as the worlds of the Esstran sector that had not yet fallen to the Empire. Two ascendant Sith Lords, Darth Malgus and Darth Venemal, were placed in command of one of Angral's legions of Imperial soldiers as well as a small fleet of Imperial Navy warships with orders to reconquer Ord Radama&#8212;one of the campaign's primary targets.[3]
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
Upon its return to known space in 3681 BBY,[4] the Sith Empire launched a widely successful campaign for control of the Outer Rim Territories. For the first ten years of this Great Galactic War, constituent worlds of the Old Republic fell in quick succession,[2] leading the Sith Emperor to believe that his invasion of the galaxy was unstoppable. After the Imperial victory in the struggle for the Seswenna sector, the Emperor had secured the Outer Rim and began plans to move towards the galactic core&#8212;the bastion of the Republic's gradually dwindling power. The first target of this refocused assault was the Mid Rim, specifically the Bothan sector.[1]
After breaking free of a First Order military occupation after the Hosnian Cataclysm,[5] the inhabitants of the Colossus took their refueling platform into space, eluding the First Order. After several months of scouting, Captain Imanuel Doza decided to settle on the planet Aeos Prime, an ocean world similar to Castilon.[1]
L'ulo L'ampar[6] was a male Duros who served the Alliance to Restore the Republic during the Galactic Civil War, a galaxy-wide conflict between the Alliance and the Galactic Empire. Holding the rank of lieutenant, L'ampar flew as a Rebel pilot in Green Squadron, operating an[4] RZ-1 A-wing interceptor[7] under the command of Green Leader Arvel Crynyd.[8] In 4 ABY,[9] after the[10] Bothan spynet[11] discovered that Galactic Emperor[10] Sheev Palpatine[12] would be aboard the[10] Death Star II[13] to oversee its construction,[10] Alliance High Command[14] determined that launching an immediate assault on the space station would be their only chance to cripple the Empire.[10]
This Featured article has been deemed sufficiently below FA standards by the Inquisitorius and will have its status removed if not up to standards by the next Inquisitorius meeting.
When the Separatist Crisis spawned the birth of the Confederacy of Independent Systems and sparked the Clone Wars, Windu and the Jedi rallied to the defense of the Republic and became the leaders of the Grand Army of the Republic. Throughout the war, Windu served the Jedi and the Republic in various capacities&#8212;on the battlefield in command of the clone army, on Coruscant as an overseer of the war effort and an advisor to Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, and even as a diplomat to contested worlds, despite his disdain of politics. His exploits on the frontline served as a reminder of his reputation as a renowned Jedi warrior.
The Battle of Alderaan was a major conflict between the Galactic Republic and the reconstituted Sith Empire that occurred at the height of the Great Galactic War, in 3667 BBY. The peaceful and verdant Core World of Alderaan was a founding member of the Republic and widely viewed as an embodiment of the ideals and principles upon which the galactic government was founded. It was that reputation that made it a military target for the Sith Empire. As the Great Galactic War dragged on elsewhere in the galaxy, the Sith formulated a plan to crush Republic morale by invading Alderaan and shattering its fabled serenity. The incursion was led by the Sith Lord Darth Malgus, who planned for it to coincide with a diversionary feint that would pull the ships of the Republic Navy far from Alderaan. As the planet sat undefended by the Republic fleet, it was beset by a massive Sith invasion force that bombarded the planet from orbit, obliterated its local defense forces, and took the royal family of Alderaan hostage. Malgus and his forces burned entire cities to the ground and brutalized the peaceful noble families, all while the small number of Jedi who were on-planet at the time of the invasion struggled to make even the slightest dent in the Sith invasion force.
Mitth'raw'nuruodo, better known by his core name Thrawn, was a Chiss male officer of the Chiss Ascendancy and Grand Admiral of the Imperial Navy during the reign of the Galactic Empire. An alien Imperial officer with striking blue skin, red eyes, and an angular face, Thrawn was well known as a brilliant and ruthless strategist. He believed that in order to achieve victory in war, one must know their enemy. As such, he dedicated himself to understanding the philosophy, art, and culture of his opponents, which included the Twi'leks of Ryloth and the warriors of Mandalore. When Governor Arihnda Pryce requested a strong commander capable of defeating the rebels on Lothal, Grand Admiral Thrawn accepted the challenge, intending to dismantle the rebellion one piece at a time.
The guided upload form will provide you with text fields and drop-down menus to fill in the information required on all uploads, and will prompt you to provide missing source information.
The Whiphid J'Quille was born on the frozen world of Toola, but he dwelt on the desert planet Tatooine during the Galactic Civil War between the Galactic Empire and the Rebel Alliance. On Tatooine, he served the crime lord Lady Valarian, a fellow Whiphid with whom he had a romantic affair.[1]
For consensus to be achieved, a minimum of ten Wookieepedians must contribute a vote or statement. Consensus track threads with 10-16 voters will need a 3 to 1 ratio of votes for passage; consensus track threads with 17 to 24 voters will need a 5 to 2 ratio of votes for passage; consensus track threads with more than 25 votes can be passed by a 2:1 ratio of votes/opinions posted on the thread.
Following the defeat of the Galactic Empire and subsequent rise of the New Republic, Yeager started a family; marrying a woman and having a daughter with her. At one point, Yeager was photographed with his family on the planet Batuu. Yeager also became a successful racer, earning the envy of his younger brother, Marcus Speedstar. During one such racing event around 24 ABY, that both Yeager and Speedstar were competing in, Speedstar used large amounts of coaxium to fuel his ship in an effort to beat Yeager. However, Speedstar's ship crashed, killing Yeager's wife and daughter, who were attending the event at the time. Furious at Speedstar's actions, Yeager ceased contact with him for many years.[7]
Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
Following his defeat at the Battle of Naboo, with his body shattered, the Sith Lord Darth Maul went into exile in the bowels of Lotho Minor, where he lost his mind. To escape the planet, he sent out a transmission, offering a great sum of credits for capture of himself in hopes of luring a starship that he could escape in. The transmission was intercepted by the droid Captain Spikewheel and her crew of scavenger hopefuls; however, Maul's attempt to flee the planet failed.
During the conflict between the Raiders and Jedi, Morr approached the Pilgrims of Kalikori Village and struck a deal with them&#8212;if they delivered Morr's former Master to him, he would spare the settlement from further harm. However, he reneged on their deal almost immediately upon receiving the captured Jedi Master and demanded the life of Din's current Padawan as well, forcing the villagers to try to kill the young Jedi. The village's Matriarch Ranna Tao'Ven objected, and the Padawan was able to convince the villagers to leave peacefully. Learning from Tao'Ven that Morr had taken Din to the location of the machine known as the Forge in the ruins of an ancient city, the Padawan and the astromech droid T7-O1 raced through the Flesh Raider&#8211;controlled territory around the city in an attempt to rescue Din.
On the planet Dathomir, a clan of dark side witches known as the Nightsisters would create such artifacts by empowering receptacles of various types with the power of what they called "the spirits"&#8212;their way of describing the work of the Force. According to Talzin, Clan Mother and Shaman of the united Nightsister covens during the time of the Clone Wars, the realm of the spirits was populated by the life-energies of beings that corresponded to real animals in the mundane realm, and was ruled by the universal manifestations of male and female energy. She believed every existing species to have a correspondent representative ur-spirit in the spirit realm&#8212;for example, all the ssurians of the material plane would have a single corresponding "ur-ssurian" spirit in the immaterial realm. Talismans of Transformation were believed to allow the wearer to turn into a specific creature by tapping into its ur-spirit's energy.[1]
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
You can also search for text in articles. Just go to the "search" field to the upper right (or to the left if you already changed your skin to Monobook), enter your search term and click "search." Note that the built-in search function may be disabled in times of server overload; in these cases you will be redirected to a Google-based search of the Wookieepedia database.
Most Wanted, Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: Han Solo - Imperial Cadet, Maz's Scoundrels, From a Certain Point of View, Age of Rebellion - Han Solo 1, Swoop Racers, Star Wars Book XII: The Escape, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues, Star Wars: Commander, An Echo of Victory, Two Sides to Every Sortie, Hare-Brained Heist, Last Shot, The Rise of Kylo Ren 2, Force Collector, Age of Resistance - Rey 1, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon, Pirate's Price, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Target Vader 5
Tula was a human female who served as an officer of the Galactic Empire during the Galactic Civil War, even after the Imperials destroyed her homeworld of Alderaan. Tula manipulated her sister, Tace, into providing the Empire with intelligence on the activities of Princess Leia Organa, who was attempting to rescue the survivors of Alderaan. Organa became aware of Tula's manipulation of Tace after Imperial forces attacked the princess while she visited the Alderaan Enclave on the planet Sullust.
Following the Second Battle of Empress Teta, in which Ulic Qel-Droma and Exar Kun were anointed Lords of the Sith, the two warlords made a plan through which they would expand their forces in an effort to eventually topple the Galactic Republic and destroy the Jedi Order. Part of the plan was for Qel-Droma to use the armies of his Krath cult to begin asserting his control in the systems neighboring Empress Teta. With the Krath military attempting to fulfill their commander's orders, the seven worlds of Empress Teta appeared to be overstretched by their campaigns. This, however, did not cause Qel-Droma or his co-commander, Aleema Keto, any concern, for they believed that no enemy other than perhaps a joint Republic&#8211;Jedi force could threaten them. Nonetheless, their overconfidence in their own power allowed for another enemy to attack them&#8212;the Mandalorians.[2]
There, before the ancient machine used by the apprentices of the Jedi Order to craft their lightsabers, Din's apprentices of the past and present faced off. Despite Morr's experience, he and his Flesh Raider guards were defeated by the younger Padawan and T7-O1. The duo was able to subdue the Dark Jedi and awaken the unconscious Master Din. Taking Morr back to Tython's Jedi Temple, Din gave his apprentice the components for a lightsaber and urged the Padawan to construct the weapon as a final rite of passage. However, the Jedi's use of the Forge awoke a sleeping jurgoran, and the apprentice was forced to kill the enraged creature before returning to the Jedi Temple. For the Padawan's bravery and actions during the crisis, the apprentice was elevated to the rank of Jedi Knight and sent to the Republic capital, Coruscant, on a new assignment.
The Chiba DR-10 protocol droid, sometimes known as the "Chiba Drio," was a small, spherical protocol droid produced by Chiba Corporation, and preferred by diplomats of the Galactic Empire. Unlike most protocol droids, the Chiba DR-10 floated on repulsorlifts and was equipped with a small, concealed blaster. The droid was originally designed to be used for negotiations and translation for legal purposes, but it also saw service in shops and customs checkpoints.
In 3680 BBY, the second year of the Great Galactic War, a series of public demonstrations broke out on Coruscant, the capital world of the Galactic Republic, in response to political infighting in the Galactic Senate and the Sith Empire's invasion of the Outer Rim Territories. Tensions began to mount in Galactic City after the Empire made itself known through a series of conquests and massacres in the Outer Rim, but the situation became particularly volatile after the Republic's biting loss of the Tingel Arm and the Empire's siege of the Minos Cluster. While the Senate was mired in political gridlock over how to best respond to the assault, members of the Jedi Order moved forward with a plan to liberate the Minos worlds. Their departure, along with continued inaction from Republic leaders, sent the people of Coruscant into panic, resulting in mass demonstrations consisting of political gatherings, anti-war rallies, and violent riots. The upheaval lasted for days but came to a conclusion as stories of Jedi heroics in the embattled Minos Cluster began to return to Coruscant.
Located in the Aeos system[2] of the galaxy's Outer Rim Territories,[1] Aeos Prime,[2] or simply Aeos, was a terrestrial planet covered in vast oceans, surrounded by a planetary ring. The ocean surface of Aeos was broken up by small islands, and a number of rocky caverns and tunnels were located beneath the surface.[1]
The Plaque of Victory was a flat ingot made of a metal that was unknown to Imperial science by 8 ABY. Roughly triangular in shape with rounded edges instead of sharp corners, it was heavier at the base end than the apex. The Plaque was around one to two inches thick, increasing as it reached the base, and was a quarter of a meter in length. The base end was pitted, and it emanated a low level of energy. The Plaque was light enough to be held by one person, but large enough to be held by two people at once.[1]
A BB-series astromech droid[3] who operated in 34 ABY,[12] BB-8 became the companion of the New Republic Commander and flight leader of Rapier Squadron, Poe Dameron. During one of Rapier Squadron's routine patrols in the Mirrin sector, BB-8 and Poe's squadron responded to a distress message from the freighter Yissira Zyde, which had been boarded and hijacked by the First Order, a remnant of the Old Empire. Rapier Squadron failed to stop the First Order from escaping with the Yissira Zyde and its cargo of high-capacity charging areas. One of the Rapier pilots Muran was killed when the hyperspace wave generated by the Yissira Zyde slammed into his T-85 X-wing.[9]
Administrators are not imbued with any special authority, and are equal to everybody else in terms of editorial responsibility. Some Wookieepedians consider the terms "Sysop" and "Administrator" to be misnomers, as they just indicate Wookieepedia users who have had performance- and security-based restrictions on several features lifted because they seemed like trustworthy folks and asked nicely. However, it should be noted that administrators do not have any special power over other users other than applying decisions made by all users.
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
For years, Maul was trained to become a weapon of the Sith. He became an acrobatic warrior, one trained to be relentless against his enemies, and learned to use a dual-bladed lightsaber. During his training, Sidious took Maul to Malachor to bear witness to a great battle that occurred there between the Jedi and the Sith. Sidious forced Maul to breathe in the ashes of Sith warriors, slain when an ancient weapon was activated in the Sith temple on the planet. While breathing in this ash, Maul had visions of members of the Sith order being struck down by the Jedi. He felt the slash of saber after saber as he felt the death of his Sith brethren.[8] His Sith training made Maul long for revenge against the Jedi Order,[1] which had defeated the Sith a millennium earlier.[15] With his master, Maul hoped to destroy the Jedi and restore the Sith to galactic power.[1]
In the year 22 BBY,[6] Rys was picked from the Guard along with fellow clones Jek and Lieutenant Thire to accompany Jedi[2] Grand Master[7] Yoda on a mission to Rugosa,[2] a moon close to the planet Toydaria.[8] Yoda was scheduled to meet secretly on the moon with King Katuunko, leader of the Toydarian people and the Toydaria system, where the Republic hoped to build a supply base. The four were transported to the moon in a Republic cruiser; however, upon reaching Rugosa, the cruiser found its communications jammed and then came under attack from two Separatist frigates. As the cruiser was taking heavy fire, Yoda ordered that he and the clone troopers be launched to the moon's surface in an escape pod so that the ship could retreat.[2]
After stealing a few jogan fruits from the merchant, Bridger made his way to a rooftop and watched the officers in the city square, where the officers found that there was no emergency. Instead, they found another officer, Supply Master Yogar Lyste, and his troops loading supply crates onto speeders&#8212;the same crates that the rebels intended to steal. The rebels themselves were in the area, preparing to undertake their mission.[1]
From Lucasfilm comes the first of the Star Wars standalone films, "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story," an all-new epic adventure. In a time of conflict, a group of unlikely heroes band together on a mission to steal the plans to the Death Star, the Empire's ultimate weapon of destruction. This key event in the Star Wars timeline brings together ordinary people who choose to do extraordinary things, and in doing so, become part of something greater than themselves. In theaters December 2016.[8]
Manufactured by the company Baktoid Combat Automata,[3] a B1 battle droid with a masculine personality served in the Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems. The droid fought during the Clone Wars, a conflict waged between the CIS and the Galactic Republic.[2] In about 21 BBY,[1] the battle droid was deployed during an engagement against the Republic on the planet Bogoa. Elsewhere in the galaxy, the Dark Lord Darth Sidious&#8212;[2] a Banite Sith who had plans to order the Republic's clone troopers to eliminate the Jedi Order as part of the Sith Grand Plan&#8212;[4] instructed his apprentice, the Confederate leader Count Dooku, to perform an experiment to test how well a droid could disregard its primary orders, because he considered droids to be similar in nature to clones. The battle droid was selected as Dooku's intended test subject, and on the second day of the struggle on Bogoa, the droid was sent into combat alongside ranks of other B1 battle droids, during a Confederate attack on the Republic's rearguard forces. However, as the droid advanced into battle, a voice whispered the words "Order 99" over the droid's comm unit, which triggered a shutdown of the droid's primary systems.[2]
Darth Sidious, a Force-sensitive human male, was the Dark Lord of the Sith and Galactic Emperor who ruled the galaxy from the fall of the Galactic Republic to the fragmentation of the Galactic Empire. Rising to power in the Galactic Senate as Senator Sheev Palpatine, he was elected to the office of Supreme Chancellor and, during the Clone Wars, accumulated wartime powers in the name of security. As the Emperor, he dropped the facade, no longer needing to cultivate two identities, and henceforth ruled as Darth Sidious in thought and action though he was known as Emperor Palpatine. His machinations brought an end to the last era of peace in galactic history, replaced a millennium of democracy with New Order fascism, and restored the Sith to power through the destruction of the Jedi Order.
Mandalore was determined to rescue the Krath warlord, and he sought Exar Kun's assistance to do it. However, the Dark Lord had previously warned Qel-Droma against a preemptive strike upon the galactic capital, and getting himself apprehended only validated Kun's prior notion. Nonetheless, he agreed to assist Mandalore, as Qel-Droma was still a vital factor in their cause. They boarded Kun's vessel, Starstorm One, and set out to rescue their beleaguered comrade from the clutches of the Galactic Republic.[1]
The Duel on Rhen Var was a lightsaber battle that took place in the year 3986 BBY between the former Sith Lord Ulic Qel-Droma and the Cathar Jedi Knight Sylvar. After tracking the self-exiled Qel-Droma to the ice planet Rhen Var with the help of a spacer named Hoggon, Sylvar confronted him and was determined to make him pay for all the lives lost in the Great Sith War, of which Qel-Droma was a chief instigator during his tenure with Dark Lord Exar Kun's Sith Brotherhood some ten years prior. Qel-Droma&#8212;who, while on Rhen Var, had since completed the Jedi training of Vima Sunrider, daughter of his former lover, Nomi&#8212;answered the challenge of his accuser, and the two engaged in lightsaber combat. However, Qel-Droma quickly realized that Sylvar was allowing her anger to drive her dangerously close to accepting the dark side of the Force, like he had once done. Unwilling to be the instrument of Sylvar's downfall, Qel-Droma deactivated his weapon and refused to fight any longer; Sylvar, a devout Jedi, was unable to attack an unarmed opponent, thus forcing her to disengage him and accept the truth of where her emotions had led her. Ulic Qel-Droma, the object of Sylvar's rage, was the same individual to redeem her and free her of the hatred she held on to for so long.
The Force was an energy field that connected everything in the universe, and was known by a variety of names throughout galactic history. It was called the Ashla by the Lasats, It by the dianoga Omi, the Life Current by the Mustafarians, the Sight by the Chiss, and the Life Wind by the Zeffo. The Force was created by life, and therefore, resided in all lifeforms. It was especially powerful in a select group of individuals who were born with a high concentration of midi-chlorians&#8212;microscopic, sentient lifeforms that shared a symbiotic relationship with the Force&#8212;in their blood. These people were deemed Force-sensitive, making them capable of harnessing the various powers of the Force. Unlike organic beings, droids and other artificial constructs existed outside of the Force. As such, they possessed no connection to the energy field that was created and sustained by life. Apart from its scientific aspect, the Force was the basis of various religious organizations such as the Church of the Force, the Guardians of the Whills, and most notably the Jedi Order and the Sith Order. In addition, the Lasats believed that the Force was the "spirit" of the galaxy.
After the Fulminatrix exits hyperspace, one of General Hux's officers reports that a single fighter is flying to confront them. Together with his BB-series astromech droid, BB-8, Poe Dameron confronts the Fulminatrix in his X-wing Black One. General Leia Organa, now widowed by the murder of Han Solo at the hands of their own son Ben, alias Kylo Ren, cautiously approves Poe's reckless plan. Over the intercom, Poe taunts Hux and pretends to ignore his threat to wipe out the Resistance. However, this verbal exchange turns out to be a ruse for Poe to power up his X-wing's cannons for an assault on the Dreadnought.
There is no set topic in #wookieepedia. While mainly meant for Wookieepedia-related discussion, we also discuss a wide range of other topics. Off-topic chit-chat is allowed except during official functions, such as Mofferences.
In the fifth year before the Battle of Yavin[3] a group of rebels operated on and around the Outer Rim planet of Lothal, striking out against the Galactic Empire. Occasionally, in order to fund their operations and maintain their starship, the Ghost, the rebels took jobs from the Devaronian crime lord Cikatro Vizago,[1] leader of the criminal gang known as the Broken Horn Syndicate on Lothal.[4] The rebels, not content to operate just on one planet, used information provided by Vizago to rendezvous with a ship they were told carried potential allies for their fight against the Empire. The ship, which they discovered to be a Wookiee gunship, had been raided by Trandoshan slavers before the Ghost arrived, and the Wookiees were taken as slaves by the Empire. Vizago told the rebels that he would look into what happened to the Wookiees, and, in the meantime, he provided them with another job: to steal Imperial supply crates in Capital City.[2] The crates contained blasters, which Vizago wanted, but also contained food that could be given to refugees in Tarkintown, a small settlement made out of citizens who had been displaced by Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin, Governor of the Outer Rim Territories.[1]
Upon reaching the moon's surface, Thire, the highest-ranking clone present, made contact via hologram with Katuunko for Yoda and discovered that Separatist agent Asajj Ventress had already reached the king with an offer of allegiance from Count Dooku, leader of the Confederacy. A deal was struck between the three parties where if Yoda and the clone troopers could evade capture by Ventress's forces and reach Katuunko, Toydaria would join the Republic&#8212;otherwise, the Separatists would have their allegiance. Once the discussion was over, Rys spotted a landing craft delivering the Separatist troops they were to face, and Yoda gave orders for the clones to only carry what they needed to avoid being slowed down. He then led them on an indirect route toward the meeting place, hoping to avoid encountering the battle droids located between them and their objective.[2]
Star Wars Battlefront II, Queen's Shadow, The Starfighter Stunt, Age of Republic - Anakin Skywalker 1, Thrawn: Alliances, So Much More, Trouble Again, From a Certain Point of View, The Weapon of a Jedi: A Luke Skywalker Adventure, Star Wars Annual 4, Star Wars Book II: Showdown on the Smuggler's Moon, Star Wars: Vader Down, Star Wars Book IV: Rebel Jail, Star Wars Book V: The Last Flight of the Harbinger, Droid Dilemma, Star Wars 26, Star Wars 35, Star Wars 36, Star Wars 37, Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars Book XII: The Escape, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, A Matter Of Perception,  Star Wars: Forces of Destiny &#8211; "Beasts of Echo Base", The Path Ahead, Star Wars 1, Moving Target: A Princess Leia Adventure, Bounty Hunted, Hare-Brained Heist The Legends of Luke Skywalker, Age of Resistance - Rey 1, &#160;""&#8212;Star Wars Adventures Ashcan, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Porg Problems, Porgs!, Poe Dameron 28, Resistance Reborn, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 2, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker
In order to avoid detection while engaging in espionage, Xiono required an occupation that would serve as a cover for his spying activities. He therefore became a starship mechanic in Jarek Yeager's repair shop. Additionally, he supported Yeager's Team Fireball as a racer and stunt pilot. Before departing from Castilon, Dameron left his astromech droid BB-8 in Xiono's care, believing the droid could help Xiono realize his full potential as an asset for the Resistance. BB-8 was later replaced by CB-23, after Dameron was assigned a mission to Jakku.
Erso was remembered fondly by the Rebel leader, Mon Mothma, who believed that she would have become an even more extraordinary person had she survived. Her sacrifice was not in vain, however. The Rebel Alliance used the plans to discover the flaw Galen built into the battle station, and the weapon was destroyed by Luke Skywalker during the Battle of Yavin, starting a chain reaction which would see the doom of the Empire.
Looking for something to do to improve Wookieepedia, but can't think of anything?  Looking for a few small, quick improvements to make while you plan your next big project?  Here are some suggestions.
Emarr Ottkreg was a male colonel from Pondakree who served as a loyalty officer and agent of the Galactic Empire's Imperial Security Bureau,[1] a subdivision of the Commission for the Preservation of the New Order.[3] Much to the disgust of Admiral Rae Sloane, Ottkreg was assigned to the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Vigilance shortly before the Battle of Endor during the Galactic Civil War against the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Unsure if Ottkreg's placement was the result of Galactic Emperor Palpatine's presence aboard the Death Star II battle station&#8212;currently under construction in orbit around the moon of Endor&#8212;or paranoia within the ISB, Sloane assigned her executive officer, Nymos Lyle, to assist Ottkreg, trusting that he would also keep the agent well away from her.[1]
In 3976 BBY, the Mandalorian warrior clans, led by their chief Mandalore the Ultimate, began conquering unaligned worlds on the Outer Rim. After their crusades drew no action from the Galactic Republic, the Mandalorians began to lean towards the Core, threatening resource worlds near the ecumenopolis of Taris. The Republic finally responded, sending Republic Navy forces out to the front lines to stand against the Mandalorian Neo-Crusaders.[1] True war finally broke out in 3964 BBY, with the Mandalorians launching a three-pronged offensive aimed at seizing Taris[9]&#8212;the Mandalorians had little trouble conquering worlds like Vanquo, and besieged and occupied Taris. From there, the Mandalorians began to advance inwards. In 3963 BBY, the Mandalorians, moving from their stronghold of Jebble, set their sights on the planet Serroco, in the Expansion Region's[1] Ploo sector.[10] Serroco, a rainy, muddy world prone to violent storms, was the homeworld of the Stereb species&#8212;and, by 3963 BBY, a full member of the Galactic Republic.[4] The Republic saw the Mandalorian advance on Serroco coming, and Admiral Saul Karath of the Republic Navy assembled[3] what he called Battle Group Serroco[5] to defend the planet.[3]
Following the Battle of Endor, C-3PO continued serving the Skywalkers and Han Solo during the time of the New Republic. About thirty years after the events on Endor, C-3PO was still an aide to Leia Organa, who had become a General in the Resistance, a private military group opposed to the First Order, a military junta that emulated the Old Empire. By that time, C-3PO's language database had been updated so that he could understand and communicate in over seven million different forms of communication, including ancient Sith dialects.
To upload a picture, go to the toolbox section on your screen. It should be on the left hand side, right under the "search" bar. Click the hyperlink for "Upload file." Once there, use the "browse" button and select your file. Type in what you want to call the picture. For example "GeorgeLucas.jpg" Fill in the licensing and the source information and press upload.
Born over a millennium before the conflict between the First Order and the Resistance, Maz Kanata was a Force-sensitive female who learned to live and thrive in the criminal underworld of the galaxy.[3] Living on her homeworld,[1] the planet Takodana, Kanata resided in a lakeside castle which was home to the ancient protocol droid ME-8D9, nicknamed "Emmie."[7] The castle was a battleground between ancient Jedi and Sith,[8] and with time, Emmie was rumored to have started out with the Jedi Order.[9] Relatively late during Kanata's stay on Takodana, she married, and her husband gifted her a statue in her image. The statue remained at the castle until the time of the First Order–Resistance conflict, although the marriage did not last.[8]
The series was created by George Lucas, who, as the writer and director of A New Hope and the entire prequel trilogy, has written and directed more films in the Skywalker saga than any other person. Other saga film directors include Irvin Kershner, Richard Marquand, J.J. Abrams, and Rian Johnson. Leigh Brackett, Lawrence Kasdan, Michael Arndt, Abrams, Johnson, and Chris Terrio have all been writers on the films. Gary Kurtz and Howard G. Kazanjian produced the original trilogy, Rick McCallum produced the prequel trilogy, and Kathleen Kennedy is producing the sequel trilogy.
After being abandoned by the Partisans, Erso spent several years on her own, committing a number of crimes in order to survive in a dangerous galaxy. In 0 BBY, she was recruited by the Rebel Alliance to find Gerrera on Jedha, where he had information about Galen and the Death Star project. She found a holographic recording of her father who confirmed the existence of the Death Star and that the plans kept on Scarif would reveal a fatal weakness he planted in its design. She attempted to save her father on Eadu, but he was killed. With little support from the Rebel Alliance, Jyn and Captain Cassian Andor led a squad, Rogue One, to Scarif where they stole the plans from the Imperial security complex. She transmitted the plans to the Alliance Fleet that arrived in orbit, but the Death Star soon fired on Scarif in an attempt to eliminate the Rebel threat. Erso and Andor were the last surviving members of their squad, and they died when the blast reached the complex.
According to Filoni and Gilroy, while Lucas gave them creative freedom for most of the series, there were several characters and locations that were off-limits. In respect to the characters, Lucas asked not to use Han Solo, Chewbacca, Boba Fett and Jabba Desilijic Tiure when Gilroy was writing the show bible, but by the time of the next meeting, Lucas had changed his mind about the latter two characters. In respect to the locations, Lucas asked Gilroy and Filoni to not explore the planets seen in the films, with the exception of Coruscant. But as with the character restrictions, he eventually changed his mind.[65]
Realizing that Shan had not been captured or killed in the destruction of the Endar Spire, Malak ordered an immediate conquest of the planet, instituting a massive blockade in order to prevent all space travel to and from Taris. Shan, however, had been captured by a swoop gang known as the Black Vulkars, which were based in the decaying Lower City. The group offered Shan up as the prize for the winner of the Tarisian Season Opener swoop race, the key event of the Galactic Swoop Racing Circuit. Revan and Onasi, with the assistance of the Twi'lek Mission Vao and her Wookiee companion Zaalbar, eventually won the favor of a rival swoop gang, the Hidden Beks, led by Gadon Thek, by returning a stolen prototype accelerator. As a condition of their agreement, Thek agreed to sponsor Revan for the race under the Bek banner. After Revan successfully beat the times of all other opponents, Brejik, the leader of the Vulkars, retracted the prize, accusing the Beks of cheating by using the accelerator that the Vulkars had stolen. After freeing herself from Vulkar captivity, Shan intervened in the brief fight that followed, which ended in the gang leader's death.[1]
C-3PO, sometimes spelled See-Threepio and often referred to simply as Threepio, was a 3PO unit protocol droid designed to interact with organics, programmed primarily for etiquette and protocol. He was fluent in over six million forms of communication, and developed a fussy and worry-prone personality throughout his many decades of operation. Along with his counterpart, the astromech droid R2-D2, C-3PO constantly found himself directly involved in pivotal moments of galactic history, and aided in saving the galaxy on many occasions.
Krennic grew to become a member of the Republic's Strategic Advisory Cell, and, despite publicly still being represented as a member of the Corps of Engineers, only those within the cell were aware of Krennic's involvement as a member of the top-secret Republic Special Weapons Group. As part of this group, Krennic returned to studying, particularly in regards to the weapons Rothana, Kuat and others had built for the Grand Army, and Baktoid, Hoersch-Kessel Drive and others were engineering for the Separatists.[3]
Three years after the Battle of Geonosis and onset of the Clone Wars, the noble Jedi Knights have been leading a massive clone army into a galaxy-wide battle against the Confederacy of Independent Systems. The Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic reveals his true nature as a Sith Lord as he unveils a plot to rule the galaxy by transforming the Republic into a Galactic Empire. Jedi hero Anakin Skywalker is seduced by the dark side of the Force to become Darth Sidious's new apprentice Darth Vader. The Jedi are all but eliminated with Obi-Wan Kenobi and Jedi Master Yoda forced into hiding. The only hope for the galaxy is Anakin's own offspring&#8212;the twin children born in secrecy who will grow up to become Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa.
During the subsequent evacuation of D'Qar, Dameron disobeyed orders and led an attack on the First Order Dreadnought Fulminatrix, but his reckless actions caused him to be demoted from Wing Commander to captain. As the First Order pursued the Resistance by tracking them through hyperspace to the Crait system, Dameron did not approve of the passive strategy of Vice Admiral Amilyn Holdo and worked with Finn and mechanic Rose Tico to break into Supreme Leader Snoke's flagship, the Supremacy, and disable the First Order's hyperspace tracker before eventually staging a mutiny against Admiral Holdo in an effort to buy Finn and Rose time.
Do not capitalize second and subsequent words unless the title is a proper noun (such as a name) or is otherwise always capitalized (example: Han Solo, but Video game).
Five years before the Battle of Yavin, a group of rebels carried out operations against the Galactic Empire on the Outer Rim planet of Lothal. One mission was contracted by crime lord Cikatro Vizago, who commissioned the rebels to mount a heist to steal blasters from the Empire. The operation was carried out in Capital City, where the rebels attempted to steal the blasters. They were interrupted, however, by a street orphan named Ezra Bridger, who stole one of the sets of crates. This led to a chase throughout the city, with the rebels attempting to outrun the Empire, and Bridger attempting to outrun both. Their chase made its way out of the city, and the rebels fought off stormtroopers and TIE fighters as they fled. Bridger eventually got away from the rebels, but was saved by their ship, the Ghost, which shot down an approaching TIE fighter. Kanan Jarrus, the leader of the rebels, offered Bridger a chance to escape as more fighters approached, and Bridger leapt onto the ship with his crate.
In an effort to capture the Jedi Padawan Bastila Shan, whose mastery of battle meditation had served the Galactic Republic well in its fight against the Sith Empire, Darth Malak had tracked her as she journeyed to the Outer Rim world of Taris aboard the Hammerhead-class cruiser Endar Spire. With his fleet waiting in orbit around the planet to trap her vessel, Malak ordered a large number of Sith fighters from his flagship, the Interdictor-class cruiser Leviathan, to attack the ship as it was dragged out of hyperspace, before boarding the captured ship. During the battle that followed, Shan managed to board an escape pod, which crashed into the Undercity of the planet. Captain Carth Onasi, a veteran of the Mandalorian Wars and a decorated war hero, and the recently mind-wiped former Dark Lord of the Sith Revan, were also aboard the doomed vessel at the time; after fending off or bypassing a number of Sith troopers and Dark Jedi who were part of the boarding party, the two met up on the starboard side of the ship and used the last escape pod to reach the Upper City of Taris moments before the Endar Spire was destroyed. After landing, Onasi pulled the unconscious Revan from the pod and, dragging him through the crowd of Upper City residents who had arrived to investigate, reached safety in an abandoned apartment.[1]
Chronologically, the story begins with Anakin Skywalker, the Chosen One of Jedi prophecy, as the prequel trilogy charts his rise as a Jedi Knight through his fall to the dark side of the Force and becoming Darth Vader. The original trilogy tells the story of Anakin's children, Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa, as they lead the fight against the Galactic Empire and as Luke saves Anakin from the dark side and becomes a Jedi in his own right. The sequel trilogy focuses on Rey, a Force prodigy of unknown lineage who is swept up into a new galactic conflict and faces off against Anakin's fallen grandson, Kylo Ren, while becoming the first of a new generation of Jedi.
During this era of peace, heightening political tensions arose within the Republic a decade before the Clone Wars, such as when a group of usurpers on the planet Halcyon became discontent with the world's membership and wanted their world to be able to manage its own affairs. They kidnapped several members of Halcyon's planetary leadership and held them in a remote fortress where they prepared for assault while attempting negotiation with their hostages. Internal negotiations failed and led the Senate to eventually authorize the Jedi Order to intervene on Halcyon as mediators and enforcers if necessary.[10]
As a general rule, Wookieepedia recommends reserving scroll boxes for reference lists to articles that employ no less than forty to fifty individual references. However, this is by no means a hard figure, and final decisions for the use of scroll boxes should be determined by what best suits each individual article.
The reinvigorated Jarrus and his fellow rebels would continue fighting various adversaries including Imperial Grand Admiral Thrawn and Maul, who sought to corrupt Bridger and destroy Obi-Wan Kenobi, the key to destroying the Sith. Regaining his confidence, Jarrus also taught the Mandalorian rebel Sabine Wren how to wield the Darksaber and helped her to rally the Mandalorians over to the rebel cause. As the Rebel Alliance escalated its struggle with the Empire, Kanan and his fellow rebels returned to free Lothal, a world which they had a special connection with.
As Ottkreg keenly watched the destruction of the rebel forces on the holotank, Sloane realized that the fulcrum of the battle would be the fighting occurring on the moon below, where the Death Star's shield generator was located, and had her crew try and find out what was happening. When she received conflicting reports, Sloane ordered Lieutenant Habbel to personally contact the bunker for a situation report. This earned a contemptuous glance from Ottkreg, who then returned to the holotank to view more rebel deaths. He was forced to step back from the projection to refocus after Sloane had it changed to an image of the shield bunker, which had just been destroyed. The holotank was quickly changed back to the full view of the battle, causing Ottkreg to splutter indignation when he saw that the rebel starfighters were entering the now-unshielded Death Star superstructure.[1]
Having secured the trust of the Rift Alliance, the Barsen'thor participated in the fight against the Children of the Emperor, unwitting Imperial agents who had infiltrated deep within the ranks of the Republic, their presence masked by the power of the mysterious First Son. In the meantime, a second Galactic War began between the Republic and the Empire. During the Battle of Corellia, the Consular discovered that the First Son was in fact a sleeper persona implanted inside Jedi Master Syo Bakarn, who had been guiding the Barsen'thor since the latter's departure from Tython. The Barsen'thor eventually confronted the First Son in the caves below Corellia's Coronet City, defeating him and successfully bringing back Bakarn's personality. Doing so removed the First Son's shroud over the other Children, revealing them to the rest of the galaxy. With the Empire having been dealt a major blow, the Barsen'thor and his many allies were celebrated as heroes on the galactic capital of Coruscant.
As with other Rakatan technology, the Star Maps were imbued with the power of the dark side of the Force. Each Map had different means of activation, though all of them were only able to be activated by those who were strong in the Force. Even those so empowered were forced to overcome the protective measures assigned to some of the Maps. For example, the Maps on Dantooine and Kashyyyk were protected by defense droids and computer systems, which mentally and physically tested those who sought their secrets. Those who were deemed unworthy would be purged as "false," and overpowered by these defense systems, with the end result often being death.[1]
A dark warrior with a mysterious past, the man who became known as the "Jedi Killer" was born on the planet Chandrila in 5 ABY, when the New Republic defeated the Galactic Empire. The son of General Han Solo and Princess Leia Organa, Solo learned the ways of the Force from his uncle, Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. After the destruction of the new generation of Jedi, Solo renounced his family and assumed the identity of Kylo Ren, becoming a First Order warlord and the apprentice of Supreme Leader Snoke. During his descent into darkness, Ren ordered the massacre of civilians and murdered of his own father, but the act of patricide failed to end his inner turmoil. Believing he was destined to rule the galaxy, Ren assassinated Snoke and usurped the position of Supreme Leader, seizing both military and political control of the First Order.
Ben Solo was a Force-sensitive human male who, after falling to the dark side of the Force, eventually renounced his adopted persona of Kylo Ren and was redeemed. At the height of his power, Ren reigned over the galaxy as Supreme Leader of the First Order and commanded the loyalty of the Knights of Ren as the master of their order. The Force was strong with Ren; in addition to his Jedi training and knowledge of arcane dark side lore, the bloodline of the most powerful Jedi and Sith flowed through his veins. While his immersion in both sides' teachings and the desperation to escape his past transformed Ren into the embodiment of conflict, it was through discord that he derived power, using his emotions to channel anger into strength. Ultimately, Ren was determined to extinguish the light side within himself and destroy the last remnants of the Jedi Order, fulfilling the legacy of his grandfather, the Sith Lord Darth Vader.
MK-09 even assisted the Alliance directly on a number of missions. When the Alliance sought the capture of the Lambda shuttle Tydirium for use in future offensives, MK-09 flew alongside Ace in the Azzameen family's YT-1300 freighter Sabra as Ace delivered commandos to an Imperial base holding the shuttle. The droid also took part in the Alliance recapture of Azzameen Station from a mercenary group, and would even go on to serve alongside Ace&#8212;now a decorated pilot&#8212;as a gunner aboard the freighter Millennium Falcon during the pivotal Battle of Endor.
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is a 2016 film directed by Gareth Edwards and produced by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy, amongst many others. The screenplay, written by Chris Weitz and Tony Gilroy, is based on a story by John Knoll and Gary Whitta. The film's score is composed by Michael Giacchino, marking the first live-action film in the Star Wars canon to not be scored by John Williams. It is the first film in the Star Wars Anthology Series.
The license Wookieepedia uses grants free access to our content in the same sense as free software is licensed freely. This principle is known as copyleft. That is to say, Wookieepedia content can be copied, modified, and redistributed so long as the new version grants the same freedoms to others and acknowledges the authors of the Wookieepedia article used (a direct link back to the article satisfies our author credit requirement). Wookieepedia articles therefore will remain free forever and can be used by anybody subject to certain restrictions, most of which serve to ensure that freedom.
Roodown had replacement aftermarket load-lifter arms installed. Unable to salvage again, he was instead allowed to work[2] for Plutt[3] around Niima, offering his services as a strong back to other scavengers[2] and completing other small jobs for half portions of food,[5] including occasional work as an enforcer.[4]
With Alderaan's naval defenses far from their charge, the forces of the Empire invaded the world in a swift and savage assault.[10] Prior to landing their vessels, the Empire initiated a heavy orbital bombardment of the world, which decimated a number of townships and filled much of the atmosphere with ash and thick black smoke.[7] Darth Malgus himself led the incursion force, which consisted of several thousand assault droids, hundreds of fellow Sith,[10] large numbers of Imperial soldiers, and the Mandalorian bounty hunter and saboteur Shae Vizla.[2] The ground forces were joined by vessels of the Imperial Navy, including Mark VI Supremacy-class starfighters and Harrower-class dreadnoughts. Once his forces were on the planet, Malgus began a devastating campaign across the once-tranquil world. The Sith forces obliterated the local Alderaanian defense forces and continued on to burn entire cities to the ground.[6] Jedi Knight Aryn Leneer participated in the conflicts on the planet,[8] alongside Knights Satele Shan,[2] Warren Sedoru[9] and other Jedi defenders.[7]
Wookieepedia strives to be the Internet's foremost comprehensive resource for Star Wars canon information. To this end, Wookieepedia adheres to the canon doctrines set forth by Lucasfilm Ltd. and its subsidiaries. On April 25, 2014, Lucasfilm announced that all Expanded Universe material is now reorganized under the non-canon "Legends" banner to make way for the "new canon" to take place. The new canon began on screen with the Star Wars Rebels animated television series and in print with the novel A New Dawn. Under the direction of the Lucasfilm Story Group, all elements of Star Wars canon now operate in a unified and collaborative storytelling setting.
Before joining the Imperial Military, Thrawn served with the Defense Fleet of the Chiss Ascendancy. A native of the planet Csilla, located in the Unknown Regions of the galaxy, Thrawn left his homeworld and traveled to known space where he encountered the Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker during the Clone Wars. Following the Galactic Republic's reorganization into the Galactic Empire, Thrawn offered his allegiance to Emperor Palpatine, having deemed an alliance with the new regime beneficial to his people. With the help of Cadet Eli Vanto, Thrawn assimilated into galactic society, becoming fluent in Galactic Basic and ultimately graduating from the Royal Imperial Academy on Coruscant. His career in the Navy was notably successful; after a series of promotions, he received the rank of Grand Admiral from the Emperor himself.
Wookieepedia:Attribution, which is policy, mandates the provision of sources. Attribution is required for direct quotes, along with practically all other material. As Wookieepedia does not accept original ideas or fanon, all writing should be based on reliable sources, and therefore be referenced. Any material that is challenged and for which no source is provided may be removed by any editor. For information about the importance of using good sources in biographies of living persons, see Wikipedia:Biographies of living persons. However, it is typically Wookieepedia's policy to not include a full biography on this site. That is usually best left to sites like Wikipedia.
Remember to be critical of your sources. We generally only want pictures from official Star Wars sources, not from places such as Google. Do not upload fan art or fanon unless it is only for use on a userpage.
To fulfill the above goals, the text contained in Wookieepedia is licensed to the public under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license, or CC-BY-SA. A human-readable summary of this license is available at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/.
The film concerns the continuing struggles of the Rebel Alliance against the Galactic Empire. During the film, Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Princess Leia Organa are being pursued across space by Darth Vader and his elite forces. Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker begins his major Jedi training with Yoda, after an instruction from Obi-Wan Kenobi's spirit. In an emotional and near-fatal confrontation with Vader, Luke is presented with a horrific revelation and must face his destiny.
As a result of the incident, Malakili was made a slave[1] and, by 0 BBY,[8] was sold to Jabba Desilijic Tiure, a Hutt crime lord on the desert planet Tatooine.[1] Serving as a caretaker in Jabba's Palace, Malakili was responsible for tending to Jabba's menagerie of creatures, including the Hutt's prized[9] male rancor,[10] Pateesa,[4] who was named after the Huttese word for "friend."[10] Pateesa was purposed with eating prisoners, and Malakili would tend to the wounds he received doing so. During Malakili's time at Jabba's Palace, he became very fond of the rancor, and he, along with the Kadas'sa'Nikto Giran, considered Pateesa to be their favorite of Jabba's creatures. Pateesa also had a fondness for Malakili, and one day, when the beastmaster was attacked by Tusken Raiders, the rancor saved his life.[1] In Jabba's Palace, Malakili grew sympathetic toward Pateesa, and he planned to one day escape with the creature.[2]
The Heep took charge of running the mines and established a droid harem, where he kept a large supply of unassuming astromech droids, treating them to oil baths and other droid pleasantries before eventually draining their energy to recharge himself. Other captured droids were put to work in the mines, under supervision by the Heep's sludgegulper droids. Any droid that attempted to escape was used as scrap metal. Baobab was captured during the initial occupation, imprisoned, and forced to await the arrival of Screed. The merchant's droids, the R2-series astromech droid R2-D2 and the 3PO-series protocol droid C-3PO were also captured by sludgegulpers as they made their way to Biitu aboard the Baobab Merchant Fleet starship Argo Moon. While R2-D2 was sent to the droid harem, C-3PO was brought before the Heep with several other captured droids. The Heep was amused to learn of C-3PO's connection to Baobab and took delight in assigning the protocol droid to work in the mines.[2]
Cassian Jeron Andor, also known by the aliases Willix, Aach, Joreth Sward, and the title Fulcrum, was a human male soldier, pilot and Intelligence officer who served in the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars and then the Alliance to Restore the Republic during Operation Fracture and the Galactic Civil War. Andor joined a Rebel mission to steal the plans of the Death Star, a superweapon built by the Galactic Empire. Although the mission was a success, Andor perished along with the rest of Rogue One.
Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi, marketed as simply Return of the Jedi, is a 1983 film directed by Richard Marquand and written by Lawrence Kasdan and George Lucas from a story by Lucas. It is the sixth episode in the Star Wars Saga. Luke Skywalker and friends travel to Tatooine to rescue their friend Han Solo from the vile Jabba the Hutt. The Empire prepares to crush the Rebellion with a more powerful Death Star, while the Rebel fleet mounts a massive attack on the space station. Luke Skywalker confronts his father, Darth Vader, in a final climactic duel before the evil Emperor.
At the height of his career, Grand Admiral Thrawn served as commanding officer of the Seventh Fleet, the flagship of which was the Imperial I-class Star Destroyer Chimaera. Deployed to the Lothal sector a few years prior to the start of the Galactic Civil War, Thrawn sought to defeat the rebels led by Captain Hera Syndulla. Following the Battle of Atollon, Thrawn's fleet worked with the First Legion led by the Sith Lord Darth Vader, whom Thrawn once knew as the Jedi Skywalker, during a mission that resulted in the rescue of Force-sensitive Chiss girls. Resuming his task to eliminate Syndulla's cell, Thrawn and his forces were confronted by the rebels who intended to liberate Lothal once and for all. During the battle, the purrgil came to the aid of Jedi Padawan Ezra Bridger and inflicted much damage to the Seventh Fleet. Thrawn himself was on the bridge of his command ship when the creatures surrounded the Chimaera and pulled it into hyperspace, taking both Thrawn and Bridger into the great unknown. In the years following Thrawn's disappearance, the Emperor and Vader were killed at the Battle of Endor, the Empire was decisively beaten at the Battle of Jakku, and the Alliance to Restore the Republic was reorganized into the New Republic. Thrawn's knowledge of the Unknown Regions proved useful to the Imperials that retreated from the known galaxy, however, as they were able to survive in unexplored space and eventually form the First Order.
The Mandalorian is a live-action Star Wars television series developed by Lucasfilm. The series takes place about five years after the events of Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi and airs exclusively on the new Disney+ streaming service beginning November 12, 2019. Jon Favreau is writing and executive-produces the series. Directors include Dave Filoni, Deborah Chow, Rick Famuyiwa, Bryce Dallas Howard, and Taika Waititi. Season 1 episodes debuted on Fridays at 08:01 UTC (3:01 AM EST), with the exception of the first and seventh episodes of that season.
The film debuted on May 25, 1983, and was released on VHS and LaserDisc in this form multiple times during the 1980s and '90s. The film was re-released with changes in 1997, and this version was later released on VHS and LaserDisc as well. The special edition arrived on DVD in 2004, but with further updates and changes to the 1997 versions. The original, unaltered version of the film was released as part of a DVD set in September 2006. The film was re-released in the Blu-ray format in September of 2011.
Although it was ultimately broken by the naval forces of the Republic, the year-long[5] blockade of the Rimma Trade Route was a highly successful endeavor, particularly in conjunction with the Imperial victory in the Sluis sector. Additionally, it allowed for the Sith to gain an early advantage over the Jedi Order in the Empire's attempt to acquire the resource-rich Minos Cluster. The series of losses for the Republic forced government leaders and the Jedi High Council to organize an emergency defense summit in an attempt to organize and prioritize the galaxy's military resources. The meeting, held by the Galactic Senate, ended in political gridlock, as senators and other representatives refused to take part in deliberations if they felt that their constituent worlds were overlooked. While the political crisis continued in the highest echelons of the Republic government, the Empire moved onward to sweep the Outer Rim Territories in their widely successful war.[1]
Switch was a protocol droid with masculine programming who,[1] at some point prior to 17 BBY,[2] set himself up as an information broker and crime lord on Sel Zonn Station, an XQ2 Platform that orbited the planet Brentaal IV. He founded a criminal organization and assembled a group of Gamorrean thugs to work for him, as well as hiring a Twi'lek to serve as his majordomo, and engaging the services of the astromech droid R5-B8. Switch established a base of operations for himself in Deep Storage Bay V14, on a level of the station that had restricted access.[1]
In 3643 BBY,[4] during the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire, a young Jedi Knight was sent to the Republic capital of Coruscant by the Jedi Council.[5] The Knight, who was the former apprentice of Jedi Master Orgus Din, and the astromech droid T7-O1's tried to rescue the Doctor Eli Tarnis from members of the Black Sun criminal syndicate when the scientist was kidnapped from the Senate Building, and the pair learned that Tarnis had been taken to the gang's territory.[6]
All out-of-universe articles on books, comics, etc. should generally be structured as follows. This list is typically more flexible than main articles.
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
Lotho Minor, also known as the Junk World, was a ruined planet in the Outer Rim Territories that was the homeworld of the mysterious Junker species. As one of the galaxy's dumping grounds, Lotho Minor's surface was covered with mountains of trash amassed over untold generations, which brought salvage operations to the planet in search of machinery that could still be repurposed.
Fueled by his hatred for Kenobi, Maul survived and reconstructed himself as a cyborg, although the experience of his defeat also drove him insane. He was presumed dead for over a decade until his brother, Savage Opress, found Maul and restabilized his mind with the help of Mother Talzin. By that time the Clone Wars raged across the galaxy, with the Jedi-led clone forces of the Republic battling the droid armies of the Confederacy of Independent Systems as intended by Maul's former Sith Master. Believing he had been cheated out of his place in galactic history, Maul embarked on a personal quest for revenge against Kenobi, whom he blamed for his fate. He also used the galactic conflict as an opportunity to form his own criminal empire, the Shadow Collective through various alliances which included the Pyke Syndicate, the Black Sun, and the Death Watch. Their combined resources enabled Maul to overthrow the New Mandalorians and install a puppet government on Mandalore. However, as his power and influence increased, Maul became a threat to Sidious' own plans for the future. The Dark Lord confronted Maul in person; after killing Opress, Sidious denounced his former apprentice as a Sith no longer due to the Rule of Two. Despite Maul's efforts to avenge his brother, he was defeated and overpowered by Sidious' command of the Force.
During the Galactic Civil War, Jarek Yeager served as a Rebel pilot in the Alliance to Restore the Republic, and later with the New Republic when he participated in the Battle of Jakku.[3] At the end of the battle, Yeager was photographed alongside his victorious X-wing squadron in front of the wreckage of a downed Star Destroyer.[6] During Yeager's service as a rebel pilot, he served as a commander.[5]
A new TV series was announced by Disney CEO Robert Iger during a Disney quarterly earnings call on November 9, 2017.[1] On May 10, 2018, in an interview with Anthony Carboni on the premier for Solo: A Star Wars Story, Jon Favreau revealed that he was halfway done with writing a season of the upcoming live-action Star Wars series.[19] As producer Kathleen Kennedy recalled: "I'd been talking to him, off and on, for a few years. He had this story, and suddenly the two of us realized, not only could this be told in the television space, but we could also push technology.”[20] During an interview with Dan Casey of Nerdist at the premiere, Favreau confirmed the show would take place seven years after the Battle of Yavin and feature all-new characters. Favreau also revealed that even before he had the job, he had written four scripts to show Lucasfilm what the show would be[21] and to ensure that his vision made it to the screen.[22] As Favreau later told GQ Middle East, "One thing [George Lucas] said to me was, 'remember, Jon, the real audience for all stories and all myths is the kids that are coming of age', because he's really a Joseph Campbell adherent."[23] He also made a conscious effort to appeal to all types of Star Wars fans, telling Entertainmemnt Weekly: "Part of what's fun is to see if we could merge the worlds of the original trilogy, the prequels, the sequels, The Clone Wars, and what's been considered canon up to this point and what's been considered part of Legends."[24]
Though tolerated by the Republic, the galactic government regarded Organa and her followers as extremists that risked open warfare with the First Order&#8212;an outcome the Senate wished to avoid even as the Order disregarded the terms of the Galactic Concordance. Organa herself had been sidelined from the political process, her concerns about the Galactic Empire's successor dismissed as paranoid warmongering. Further isolated by the public revelation that the Sith Lord Darth Vader was, in fact, her biological father, Organa struck out on her own to oppose the First Order as founder of the Resistance. A period of hostility ensued between the two organizations characterized by various methods short of open warfare, such as espionage and propaganda. The Resistance also competed against the First Order during the search for the Jedi Master Luke Skywalker, who disappeared into self-imposed exile following his failed attempt to restore the Jedi Order.
The Bothan sector, which was home to the planet Bothawui and the Bothan people,[5] was a strategically important region; therefore, Bothawui itself was the focus of the Empire's Mid Rim foray. Although the attack on the planet was intended to be a surprise ambush, information regarding the assault was leaked and eventually came to the attention of the Republic Navy Admiral Greik. Greik moved quickly to set up a trap for the Imperial strike force by amassing the entirety of the Republic naval fleet above the world. Despite the risky nature of the maneuver, it ultimately paid off; the Imperials charged into Bothan Space, but quickly found themselves beset by all the vessels of the Republic Navy. The engagement ended in the complete destruction of the Imperial attack squadron. This first battle at Bothawui was also the first major victory for the Republic since the beginning of the war and provided a much-needed boost of morale for its defenders.[1][2]
A stormy, desolate terrestrial planet[2] located in the Outer Rim Territories,[1] Lotho Minor had a surface covered with enormous mountains of trash piled over countless generations.[3] The gutted and rotting hulls of ancient starships poked through the more recent garbage, lending its landscape the eerie feel of an industrial graveyard. Foul-smelling fog limited visibility,[9] while huge pools of toxic sludge and periodic bursts of[3] deadly[10] acid rain made the[3] hot, caustic[9] planet's ruined ecosystem one of the most dangerous in the galaxy.[3] A mechanical debris field known as the Wreck Belt orbited Lotho Minor.[5]
Darth Bane was a legendary Dark Lord of the Sith[6] who lived during the dark age of the Old Republic,[7] a thousand years before the Clone Wars. In his time, the Sith were often fueled by their own individual lusts for power, with squabbling Sith turning against their own.[1] While serving in the Sith army, Bane realized that infighting and greed from other dark side warriors created a weakness.[6] The infighting eventually led to the defeat of their dark side order, as the Jedi Order was able to all but destroy the weakened Sith.[3] Bane was the sole survivor of the Jedi-Sith War.[2]
Krix[2] was a Trandoshan male big game hunter and pilot who was a member of a hunting guild led by fellow Trandoshan Garnac. The guild captured live sentient beings and dropped them off on the[1] moon of Wasskah,[3] where they were hunted for sport.[1]
Meanwhile, the rest of the Brotherhood of Darkness had gathered on the planet Ruusan to engage in a final campaign against the Jedi's Army of Light. Githany, Bane's former mentor, experienced a Force premonition that involved Bane coming to Ruusan to destroy the entire Brotherhood. She informed the leader of the Sith, Kaan, of this, and together they conspired to bring Bane back into the fold, lest the events of her vision become reality. Githany knew through her Force bond with Bane that he had gone to Lehon; to this end, Kaan enlisted the Twi'lek Blademaster Kas'im to find Bane and speak with his former apprentice on Kaan's behalf. Kaan's instructions were clear; if Bane could not be swayed, then Kas'im was to kill him. The Twi'lek departed in a Sith Buzzard starfighter and made his way to the Unknown World.[2]
Ord Radama was a planet in the Esstran sector of the Outer Rim Territories that the Galactic Republic had established as an Ordnance/Regional Depot for the Republic Military. During the Jedi Civil War, the world was allied with the Sith forces of Darth Revan and Darth Malak's Empire, but fell back into Republic control following the conclusion of the conflict.[5] However, in 3681 BBY, the revived Sith Empire spilled out of its hidden enclave in the nearby Stygian Caldera and began a campaign of conquest across the Outer Rim. In the early days of this Great Galactic War, the Empire focused on securing outlying Republic worlds and reconquering planets that had previously been holdings of older Sith regimes. These efforts were widely successful until the Battle of Bothawui in 3671 BBY, at which point the Empire was forced to reevaluate its efforts and postpone its plans to advance on the Republic's Core Worlds.[2]
Yoda, a Force-sensitive male being belonging to a mysterious species, was a legendary Jedi Master who witnessed the rise and fall of the Galactic Republic, followed by the rise of the Galactic Empire. Small in stature but revered for his wisdom and power, Yoda trained generations of Jedi, ultimately serving as the Grand Master of the Jedi Order. Having lived through nine centuries of galactic history, he played integral roles in the Clone Wars, the rebirth of the Jedi through Luke Skywalker, and unlocking the path to immortality.
In the meantime, Vizago gave the rebels another job: to steal crates full of blasters from the Empire in Capital City on Lothal.[5] They were able to successfully steal the weapons, as well as food for refugees on Lothal, but the blasters were then stolen by Ezra Bridger, a street orphan from Lothal. Three of the rebels&#8212;Kanan Jarrus, the leader of the rebels and a Jedi who survived the destruction of the Jedi Order; Sabine Wren, a Mandalorian explosives expert; and Garazeb Orrelios, a Lasat warrior&#8212;pursued Bridger in order to retrieve the supplies. They chased him out of the city while being pursued by Imperial stormtroopers and TIE/ln space superiority starfighters. Bridger managed to escape the rebels but was nearly pinned down by a TIE fighter before it was shot down by the Ghost, piloted by Syndulla. Jarrus allowed Bridger to escape aboard the Ghost, which made its way into space and fought off pursuing TIE fighters before making the jump into hyperspace.[1]
Thirty-two years before the events of Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope, there is trade dispute between the Trade Federation and the outlying systems of the Galactic Republic, which has led to a blockade of the small planet of Naboo. Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum, leader of the Galactic Senate, has secretly dispatched two Jedi, Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his Padawan, Obi-Wan Kenobi, to serve as "the ambassadors" to the Federation flagship, in order to meet with Viceroy Nute Gunray and resolve the dispute. Unknown to them, the Trade Federation is in league with the mysterious Darth Sidious, Dark Lord of the Sith, who secretly orders Gunray to invade Naboo and kill the two Jedi upon their arrival. When Gunray asked if it was illegal, Sidious implied that he would ensure that the invasion was made legal.
The Star Maps were constructed as monuments dedicated to honoring the expanse and might of the Rakatan Infinite Empire. As a result, the Maps contained information regarding planets and other key locations under the control of the Empire.[1] Most notably, the Maps pointed to the location of the Star Forge, a titanic space station that also served as a high-capacity manufacturing facility capable of turning out war matériel at an astonishing rate.[4] The Maps were also equipped with technology that allowed them to repair themselves if damaged. Even though the ancient Rakata attempted to destroy the information stored in the Maps, in order to prevent their former slaves from finding their homeworld and exacting revenge, these built-in repair mechanisms eventually repaired the structures and restored the data they held.[1]
The Galactic Empire (19 BBY&#8211;5 ABY), also known as the First Galactic Empire, the New Order, or simply the Empire, was the fascist galactic government that replaced the Galactic Republic in the aftermath of the Clone Wars.
Having located the Planet Prison's heat signature in the ruins of the Jedi Temple, the Knight and Kira Carsen raced through the planet's industrial sector and fought their way through the Imperial-occupied Temple until they reached the Council chambers. There, in front of a live transmission to Tarnis' father Darth Angral and Angral's three Sith apprentices, the Knight and Carsen battled the traitorous Sith scientist and defeated him. Having watched the Knight cut down his son in front of him, Angral declared an unending war of vengeance upon the young Jedi and the Order as a whole, sparking the Desolator crisis. Using information Tarnis had transmitted to them, Angral's apprentices would seize control of the Republic's superweapon projects as part of their master's crusade against the killer of Tarnis, a conflict that would only end when the Knight defeated Angral aboard the warship Oppressor above Tython.
Shortly after LN-73's reactivation, the droids of Uffel ordered a halt in their production schedule to allow groups of tourists to visit the moon. The protocol droid LV-15 was appointed to escort one such group of visitors that included the Heroes of Cularin, a team of renowned freelance agents who operated in the system. As LV-15 led the tourists into X2-4, HG-211 dismissed the protocol droid and took over the escort of the tourist group. He led the agents to the office and played them a hologram of Gor Kolomo, a deceased Twi'lek under whose name the droids of Uffel conducted their business affairs, and the hologram hired the agents to investigate the recent acts of sabotage. HG-211 provided the agents with comlinks and translator units to assist with their investigations, and he introduced them to the IT-series droid IT-R9, which was to follow the agents around on behalf of the droids of the Uffel Research and Development facility, who sought to study the behavior of organic beings.[1]
Maul was a Force-sensitive Dathomirian Zabrak male and dark-side warrior who served as the apprentice Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Maul during the final years of the Galactic Republic and reigned as a crime lord during the rule of the Galactic Empire. The son of Mother Talzin of the Nightsisters, he was taken at a young age by the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Sidious, who anointed him his first Sith apprentice, Darth Maul. Through his training, Maul grew strong in the dark side of the Force, becoming an expert lightsaber duelist and assassin who yearned to reveal the Sith's continued survival to the Jedi Order. During the crisis on Naboo in 32 BBY, Maul confronted Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi. Although he succeeded in killing the former, Maul was defeated and maimed by Jinn's apprentice, who left the Sith Lord for dead. As a result of Maul's defeat and apparent death, Sidious replaced him with Count Dooku, Jinn's Jedi mentor who adopted the Sith persona of Darth Tyranus.
CB-23 was a BB-series astromech droid. She was manufactured sometime prior to 34 ABY, by which time she was a member of the Resistance. After BB-8, Commander Poe Dameron's usual droid, was temporarily stationed to the Colossus platform to keep an eye on newly recruited spy Kazuda Xiono, CB-23 was assigned to Dameron as a replacement.[2]
Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
Content approaching. Master &amp; Apprentice, Star Wars Battlefront II, Pirate's Price, Bounty Hunted, Last Shot, Maz's Scoundrels, Force Collector, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Resistance Reborn, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon, Tales from Wild Space: Win/Lose, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker–class.
Malakili was a human male from the planet Corellia who spent much of his childhood living in the slums of the moon Nar Shaddaa. Having an affinity for animals, Malakili was hired as a beastmaster for Hutt circuses, but he was sold into slavery after a creature got loose and killed audience members. Purchased by Jabba the Hutt, Malakili served as a caretaker to the creatures in Jabba's Palace on the desert planet Tatooine. During that time, Malakili became fond of Jabba's rancor, Pateesa, and the creature saved his life during a Tusken Raider attack. Sympathizing with Pateesa, Malakili planned to one day escape with the beast.
K1-1R was a humanoid-type assassin droid with a sleek, featureless head in the shape of that of a Human. Instead of eyes, K1-1R had a single sensor scanner on his face that glowed a red color as he spoke. He was plastered with carbon scoring, and his body was covered in a patchwork of repairs from the many firefights in which he had participated. K1-1R was also fitted with a shield generator and a remote processor broadcast array, with which he remotely controlled droid drones and used them as extensions of his will. In addition, he had a vocabulator, which gave him an emotionless, mechanical-sounding voice.[3]
In the waning days of the Clone Wars, Maul escaped from Sidious and ultimately returned to Mandalore where he was overthrown by former Padawan Ahsoka Tano and an army of clone troopers. However, Maul survived the war and continued to build his own empire as a crime lord and the secret leader of Crimson Dawn. He was later stranded on the planet Malachor, where he hoped to destroy the Sith by unlocking the superweapon at the heart of the Sith temple. Maul's plan was thwarted by two Jedi, Kanan Jarrus and Ezra Bridger, the latter of whom Maul hoped to corrupt as his own apprentice. After escaping Malachor, Maul continued to try to tempt Bridger to the dark side before ultimately learning that Kenobi was still alive in spite of Order 66 and the Jedi Purge. Seeking hope and purpose, Maul sought Kenobi on Tatooine, the same planet where he had first revealed himself to Kenobi. In 2 BBY, Maul engaged Kenobi in a brief lightsaber duel for the last time. Kenobi cut Maul's lightsaber in half and dealt Maul a lethal blow, ending Maul's decade-spanning quest for vengeance. He died moments later with the knowledge that Kenobi was protecting Luke Skywalker, who Kenobi believed was the Chosen One, taking comfort in the fact that it meant the Sith would be destroyed.
At one point, Melshi served together with Lieutenant Caluan Ematt on Gaulus. Sharing his expertise with other members of the Rebellion, Melshi also made additions to a rebel field manual, writing a section on various Imperial stormtrooper variants and describing the distinctive features of each of those branches.[6] By 0 BBY,[1] Melshi was a member of the Massassi Group, the largest rebel cell operating from the Great Temple on the fourth moon of the planet Yavin.[2] By that point, the sergeant was considered one of the Alliance's seasoned veterans.[4]
Darth Bane was a legendary human male Dark Lord of the Sith and the sole survivor of the destruction of the Sith at the hands of the Jedi Order during the Jedi-Sith War a thousand years before the Clone Wars. As the only surviving Sith, Bane recognized that Sith infighting had weakened them to the point that the Jedi could destroy them. To rectify this, Bane reformed the Sith and created the Rule of Two, mandating that there could be only two Sith&#8212;a Master and an apprentice&#8212;at any given time. These new Sith would begin a plot to destroy the Jedi in secret. With Bane's defeat, the Jedi wrongly believed that the Sith were defeated with him.
After the New Republic fell in 34 ABY, Snoke oversaw the conquest of the galaxy from his headquarters aboard the First Order flagship Supremacy. Having lured the Jedi apprentice Rey to him through her bond with Ren, Snoke urged the dark warrior to complete his training by executing the scavenger. Ren turned on Snoke, however, using Skywalker's lightsaber to end his master's life. Ultimately, Snoke's entire existence was built for this moment: to serve as a final test for Ren. He not only tested Ren's worthiness as a disciple, but also his capacity to inherit the Sith legacy. His role had been designed by the Sith Eternal cultists to act as a final crucible, to groom and mold Ren into a master of attack and cunning. Ren became the new Supreme Leader of the First Order, but after encountering a revived Sidious on Snoke's homeworld of Exegol, he aspired to rule the galaxy as Emperor of the Final Order.
Per this consensus, it is Wookieepeida policy that all Old Republic character articles be written under the assumption that Republic player characters (Jedi Counsular, Jedi Knight, trooper, smuggler) select the light-side dialogue options in story-line conversations. Conversely, it has been agreed that articles for Imperial player characters (Sith Inquisitor, Sith Warrior, Imperial agent, bounty hunter) are to be written under the assumption that the dark-side conversation options are selected by the player.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
The scoundrel Zorii Bliss led the Spice Runners of Kijimi smuggling gang during the war between the First Order and the Resistance.[3] Residing in the Thieves' Quarter,[1] Bliss and the Spice Runners stayed neutral in the ongoing war.[3]
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
K1-1R was a modified military protocol droid with a masculine personality who operated during the latter years of the Galactic Republic. For a time, K1-1R served a master, but after his owner tasked him with a mission that was guaranteed to result in K1-1R's destruction, the droid's survival programming overrode his sense of loyalty. K1-1R subsequently abandoned his owner and became fully independent, forging a career for himself as an assassin droid and a bounty hunter.[3]
Following the destruction of the Endar Spire by the Sith battle fleet in hopes of capturing Jedi Padawan Bastila Shan, the destruction of Taris was an event that took place during the height of the Jedi Civil War. Intending to capture the Jedi Padawan Bastila Shan, whose talents with battle meditation had been crucial to the Galactic Republic's effort against the Sith Empire led by Darth Malak, the Dark Lord of the Sith set his fleet around the Outer Rim world of Taris. After successfully ambushing the vessel under Shan's command, the Hammerhead-class cruiser Endar Spire, Sith troopers led by Darth Bandon boarded the ship, intent on seizing her alive. However, Shan, Carth Onasi and the amnesic ex-Sith Lord Revan were able to escape before the vessel's destruction. Afterwards, Malak ordered the conquest and blockading of Taris in order to search for the Jedi. The escape pod bearing Shan crashed in the Undercity, however, and she was taken prisoner by the Black Vulkars swoop gang.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
Mitth'raw'nuruodo,[4] better known as Thrawn, was a Chiss male[2] who hailed from Csilla[1] in the Unknown Regions, a dangerous and uncharted region of the galaxy.[8] During this time he rose through the ranks to become a well respected member of the Chiss Ascendancy.[4]
Synara San was born[1] on the planet[4] Mirial.[1] As a child, San lived on the streets of Vanqor,[3] and claimed that she learned how to shoot from her father, who took her hunting.[5] Eventually she was saved from Vanqor's streets by Kragan Gorr, who cared for her as his own child. San regarded their relationship as a debt.[3] During the New Republic era, she became a member of Kragan's pirate gang, which had been hired by the First Order to attack the Colossus platform on Castilon, as they wanted to take it over by pressuring the platform's owner, Captain Imanuel Doza into inviting them onboard.[2]
Many of our articles were created without proper source citation.  Since anyone can create an article on Wookieepedia, sources are important to distinguish between canon and fanon. You can find articles in need of sources here, and articles that need proper citation here.
The morning after the Battle of Yavin, in 0 ABY,[5] ISB officials received a communiqué from Coruscant with an order from Galactic Emperor Sheev Palpatine: apprehend all suspected members and sympathizers of the Rebel Alliance. Following the new order, TX-828, directed by Beck, led a troop of eight stormtroopers to ambush the Shrikes as they attempted to escape aboard an EE-730 transport. With their E-11 blaster rifles set to stun, TX-828 and his fellow soldiers engaged the rebels in a brief firefight that lasted less than ten seconds. TX-828 and his squad captured four rebel troopers, but a Rodian rebel had eluded capture, and the alien shot the unconscious men and women before committing suicide. Beck, convinced that the action was taken to protect rebel secrets, had TX-828 search the starship. TX-828 believed the rebels were all accounted for, but Beck was certain a sixth, Caluan Ematt, had escaped.[1]
The Battle of Bothawui was a major military engagement in 3671 BBY, during the Great Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the resurgent Sith Empire. The battle was a turning point in the decade-old war, and a major boost to a crippled Republic on the verge of collapse. In that year, the Sith set their sights on the Mid Rim world of Bothawui after having successfully usurped control of much of the Outer Rim Territories. Bothawui, a Republic-aligned world, received the attention of the entire Republic Navy&#8212;attention that ultimately foiled the Empire's first attempt at seizing the planet. The Sith assault was a resounding failure, but the Imperials were only more motivated to seize the world in the aftermath of their defeat. As they prepared yet another invasion of Bothawui, a huge majority of the world's Republic defenders left the planet. The only remaining forces were a relatively small contingent of Jedi Knights and Republic soldiers placed under the command of Jedi Master Belth Allusis.
Please make sure that you aren't uploading a duplicate image! There is no point having two identical pictures uploaded. An easy way to check if the image you want to upload already exists on Wookieepedia is to go to the article about whatever you're uploading. For example, if you were to upload a picture of Atris, you would go to the Atris article to check if the picture hasn't been uploaded already. If you really want to make sure you're not uploading a duplicate, you could go through the unused files list.
This Featured article has been deemed sufficiently below FA standards by the Inquisitorius and will have its status removed if not up to standards by the next Inquisitorius meeting.
I have designed a comic titled "Victory On Osan" that fits into canon of Star Wars. I would like permission to write some articles on it. Please Reply...
At some point between 19 BBY and 0 BBY,[2] J'Quile was amongst a crowd of spectators in the palace's throne room who witnessed the Rodian Greedo return from an unsuccessful mission to the planet Mygeeto. Jabba was about to drop the Rodian into his rancor pit for his failure, when Greedo offered up the lightsaber of Jedi Master Ki-Adi-Mundi as tribute. The Ithorian Dok-Ondar immediately offered to buy the lightsaber from Jabba, causing the Hutt to show leniency to the Rodian.[3]
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
Born in 11 ABY during the New Republic Era, FN-2187 was part of a new generation of stormtroopers&#8212;human children conscripted into the military forces of the First Order&#8212;modeled on the Republic clone troopers and Imperial stormtroopers of the past. He originally trained with Batch Eight before joining the FN Corps, a sub-branch of the Stormtrooper Corps, and although his potential was recognized by his commanding officers, FN-2187 lacked the ruthlessness that had become common in the ranks under the influence of Captain Phasma. In the waning days of the cold war, he hesitated to kill civilians during his first mission and consequently decided to desert after witnessing the massacre of Tuanul. Lacking experience as a pilot, FN-2187 freed a Resistance prisoner, Commander Poe Dameron, who coined the nickname "Finn" to supplant the renegade stormtrooper's alphanumeric designation. He then sought his own freedom while forming friendships with the Jakku scavenger Rey and the droid BB-8, as well as the Rebel war heroes Han Solo and Chewbacca.
Content approaching. Age of Resistance - Rose Tico 1, Star Wars: Forces of Destiny—Rose &amp; Paige, The Last Jedi: Cobalt Squadron, The Last Jedi: Bomber Command, Rose Knows, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Shuttle Shock, Resistance Reborn, Star Wars: Allegiance, Spark of the Resistance, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary–class.
As a senior officer, Phasma commanded First Order forces in their struggle against the Resistance. Under orders from the Supreme Leader of the First Order, Snoke, the triumvirate searched for a galaxy map that would lead to the last of the Jedi, Luke Skywalker, on the planet Jakku. Phasma participated in a massacre at Tuanul village, an atrocity which led the stormtrooper FN-2187 to defect to the Resistance.
Poe Dameron was a human male who originally served as a member of the Spice Runners of Kijimi, before becoming a pilot in the New Republic and eventually joining the Resistance, rising to become acting General of the Resistance, during its conflict and subsequent war with the First Order. The son of Lieutenant Shara Bey and Sergeant Kes Dameron of the Alliance to Restore the Republic, Dameron followed in his late mother's footsteps in becoming a pilot, serving the New Republic Defense Fleet as the commander of Rapier Squadron, but grew disillusioned with the Republic's inaction to the First Order's violations of the Galactic Concordance. Dameron defected to the Resistance, where he became one of General Leia Organa's most trusted operatives. Dameron flew under the callsign of Black Leader while piloting his specialized T-70 X-wing starfighter, Black One.
Roodown, nicknamed "Crusher," was an Abednedo scavenger on the desert planet Jakku. Roodown angered his employer, the junk dealer Unkar Plutt, who suspected the scavenger was selling salvage to a different buyer. As a consequence, Plutt's thugs cut off Roodown's arms, ending his career as a scavenger. However, Roodown was allowed to work for Plutt as a strong back around Niima Outpost using his replacement load-lifter arms, which greatly increased his strength.
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
Solo held its world premiere on May 10, 2018 in Los Angeles, and it was screened at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival on May 15. The film received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised the performances, music, and visuals, although some felt that the story was weak. Solo received a nomination for Best Visual Effects at the 91st Academy Awards.
The human female Anandra Milon was an immigrant from Alderaan who lived on Level 3204 of the city-planet Coruscant during the reign of the Galactic Empire.[1] She lived with her mother, father, and her younger brother Santigo Milon. Born in around 16 BBY,[2] Anandra was sometimes looked after by her next door neighbor as a child. She lived through the Old Market Sector riots and the relocation of members of the Mon Calamari species that followed, although due to her age at the time, she had no memory of the events. At one point in her childhood, she secretly visited Level 1997&#8212;a shady district of Coruscant&#8212;with her school friends, where they took a holocam picture before leaving.[1]
Content approaching. Queen's Shadow, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (novelization), Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide, Contingency Plan, Choose Your Destiny: A Luke &amp; Leia Adventure, Star Wars 35, Doctor Aphra 30, Star Wars: The Last Jedi – The Storms of Crait 1, Star Wars 45, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars 67, Doctor Aphra 33, An Echo of Victory, Two Sides to Every Sortie, Last Shot, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy, Star Wars: On the Front Lines, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious–class.
In the aftermath of that first battle, glee spread through the Republic military and civilians rejoiced on the capital planet of Coruscant and other worlds while the Empire prepared itself for another assault.[1] Although individuals within the Republic Navy, such as Jedi Knight Gnost-Dural, predicted that the Sith would plan such retribution, the Navy was forced to disperse once more and return to battlefronts across the galaxy. As a preventative measure, Republic engineers erected a mighty planetary shield on Bothawui's surface to protect the world from the threat of orbital bombardment. Despite this precaution, there were still those within the Jedi Order and Republic Military who believed that the world needed defenders on the surface.[2] As such, Jedi Master Belth Allusis, a prominent member of the Jedi High Council, volunteered to stay on the planet and lead a small contingent of four thousand Republic soldiers,[1] four Special Forces squads,[2] and eighty-four Jedi Knights. Knowing they would face the full might of the Sith's vengeance, the Republic's forces dug into the forest surrounding Bothawui's planetary shield generator and prepared for the Empire's return.[1]
CB-23 was a BB-series astromech droid with feminine programming who was a member of the Resistance in 34 ABY. She was assigned to Commander Poe Dameron while BB-8 was stationed on the Colossus with Kazuda Xiono. After Dameron took back BB-8 before going on a mission to Jakku, CB-23 replaced him in the misson on the Colossus platform.
The mission to free Wookiee prisoners was an operation undertaken by the rebels who were based on and around the planet Lothal in the year 5 BBY. The rebels learned what they believed was the location of the Wookiees, who had been enslaved by the Galactic Empire, and attempted to rescue the Wookiees aboard Transport 651, a Gozanti-class cruiser. Unknown to the rebels, however, was that they had walked into a trap set by Agent Kallus of the Imperial Security Bureau. They soon realized the Wookiees were not aboard the vessel, and the rebels were forced to flee from Kallus and his forces. During the escape, one of the rebels, Ezra Bridger, was captured, forcing the rest of the crew to later return and rescue him. While a prisoner, Bridger learned that the Wookiees were being taken to the spice mines of the planet Kessel.
Leading an investigation, TX-828 tracked Ematt to the planet Cyrkon. Through bounty hunters searching for the smuggler Han Solo, the stormtrooper sergeant discovered that Ematt was planning to be rescued by Solo and the Wookiee Chewbacca. TX-828 and Beck set a trap for the rebels outside of their starship, the Millennium Falcon, and managed to capture Ematt, Solo, and Chewbacca. However, TX-828 and Beck ultimately lost custody of the trio when rebel sympathizers aboard the yacht Miss Fortune fired upon TX-828's stormtrooper squads, allowing the three fugitives to escape aboard the Millennium Falcon. In an attempt to recapture the rebels, TX-828 and Beck returned to the Star Destroyer Vehement and briefly pursued the Millennium Falcon before it finally escaped into hyperspace.
A battle at the planet Foerost occurred in 3996 BBY during the Great Sith War. It began as a raid carried out by the Krath forces of Sith Lord Ulic Qel-Droma and the Crusaders of Mandalore the Indomitable. Qel-Droma planned to seize the many ships under construction for the Galactic Republic, and instead use them in his bid for galactic domination. At Qel-Droma's behest, Krath sorceress Aleema Keto created an illusion that allowed their forces to slip into the Foerost shipyards unchallenged. Bolstered by the armies of Mandalore, Qel-Droma's forces stormed the facility and secured the operational codes for the newly-completed vessels. Fleet Captain Orley Vanicus was dispatched to interrupt the raid with a contingent of Republic reinforcements, but was too late to stop the theft of over three hundred warships. A recording of Qel-Droma from the attack was later discovered, finally leaking the secret identity of the Republic's new enemy.
The Knights of Ren was a group of dark side warriors who, during the New Republic Era, served under the command of Kylo Ren&#8212;the master of the Knights of Ren and Supreme Leader of the First Order. The Knights revered the power of the dark side of the Force, or the "shadow" as they called it. As acolytes of the shadow, they immersed themselves in its power, fought its battles, preserved its tools, and consumed everything it gave them. This principle was epitomized by the lightsaber, an ancient weapon of the Jedi and Sith that the Knights referred to as the "Ren." Though the Knights were also Force-sensitive like their master, who inherited his raw power from the bloodline of the Sith Lord Darth Vader, their connection to the Force was stunted and unrefined due to a lack of Force-training.
{{Dialogue|Leia Organa|I love you.|Han Solo|I know.|attr=[[Leia Organa Solo|Leia Organa]] and [[Han Solo/Legends|Han Solo]] in [[Cloud City/Legends|Cloud City]]|src=Star Wars: Episode V The Empire Strikes Back}}
Proto One completed the repairs before the day's end and left the scrapyard to seek out Moll and the others. He found C-3PO and the White Witch at a processing plant with BL-17, who had deceptively befriended the protocol droid in order for his master, the Mandalorian bounty hunter Boba Fett, to capture Moll and her friends. Proto One charged at his old enemy but was easily tossed aside. However, C-3PO realized BL-17's treachery and defeated him when R2-D2 arrived and helped the protocol droid push their foe under a rain of falling machinery. Moll and her friend Thall Joben showed up soon after, but Fett emerged from the shadows and began to fire laser blasts at them. During the commotion, a downed Proto One witnessed Tig Fromm and Vlix Oncard&#8212;Annoo-dat Blue gangsters of the Fromm Gang criminal organization who had hired Fett and who sought to thwart Moll and her friends&#8212;plant a thermal detonator aboard the White Witch and reveal that it would activate after the vehicle completed ten laps of the upcoming Boonta Speeder Race. By the time Proto One got up and warned Moll and C-3PO, Joben and R2-D2 had already boarded the speeder and fled from a pursuing Fett.[1]
Qi'ra was a human female from the planet Corellia who lived during the reign of the Galactic Empire. She grew up on the streets along with Han as part of the White Worms. Though they were at first rivals, the two Scrumrats eventually fell in love and became lovers. Sometime after Qi'ra was made Head Girl by Lady Proxima, Han and Qi'ra attempted to escape with a vial of coaxium, but were separated at the Coronet Spaceport, Han got out but promised to return for her.
Some time later, during the Galactic Civil War between the Empire and the Rebel Alliance, the Alliance destroyed the Empire's greatest weapon: the Death Star mobile battle station capable of destroying entire planets.[11] One of the Rebel Alliance's follow-up campaigns included an assault on Weapons Factory Alpha, the Empire's largest weapons factory on the moon Cymoon 1,[12] and the Sith Lord Darth Vader failed to prevent the Rebels from blowing up the factory.[13] Emperor Palpatine, Vader's Sith Master, grew displeased with Vader and demoted him for his failures at Yavin and Cymoon 1 and put him under the command of Grand General Cassio Tagge. Vader secretly hired two bounty hunters to hunt down two targets: an Imperial operative whom Vader had seen working for Palpatine in a suspicious manner, and the Rebel pilot who had destroyed both the Death Star and Weapons Factory Alpha.[14] Vader then convened with Tagge aboard his Executor-class Star Dreadnaught Annihilator.[15]
Age of Resistance - Poe Dameron 1, Kidnapped!, Star Wars Special: C-3PO 1, Star Wars: Poe Dameron, Robot Resistance, All Aces Battle Royale, Sector 7-E, Rose Knows, Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: Droid Repair Bay, Shuttle Shock, Resistance Reborn, Allegiance 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 2, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Spark of the Resistance, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
As Syndulla's second-in-command, the two came to develop a romantic relationship. After the Force-sensitive teenager Ezra Bridger joined the Spectres, Jarrus became his Jedi mentor despite still being a Padawan. After defeating the Grand Inquisitor in combat, Jarrus and his fellow rebels learned they were part of a larger rebellion and joined Phoenix Cell. During a mission to Malachor, Jarrus was blinded by the former Sith Lord Maul. After months of retreat, Jarrus restored his connection to the Force and repaired his frayed relationship with Bridger with the help of a mysterious being called Bendu, who taught him to see things through the Force.
Content approaching. Rebel Rising, Accidental Allies, Jyn's Trade, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (novelization), Star Wars 52, Star Wars 54, Alphabet Squadron, Star Wars: The Rebel Files–class.
The Resistance, also known as the Rebellion, was a private military force founded by General Leia Organa during the cold war between the New Republic and the First Order. Modeled to an extent on the Alliance to Restore the Republic, which Organa served with in the Galactic Civil War, the Resistance was composed of human and alien members that shared Organa's views on the threat that the First Order posed to the Republic and the galaxy at large. Among the organization's personnel were members of the New Republic military, such as the pilots Poe Dameron and Kazuda Xiono who supported the Resistance in lieu of direct action from the Galactic Senate, while others like Paige and Rose Tico rallied to Organa's cause as a result of the First Order's exploitation of their homeworld. Their organization was small, however, and therefore resources were limited. As such, the Resistance relied on the support of sympathetic senators who discreetly funneled credit, starships, and weapons to Organa's cash-strapped movement.
Mace Windu, a Force-sensitive human male, was a revered Jedi Master and member of the Jedi High Council during the last years of the Galactic Republic. During his time in the Jedi Order, he once served as elected leader of the Jedi and, during the Clone Wars, as a Jedi General in the Grand Army of the Republic. He was the greatest champion of the Jedi Order and promoted its ancient traditions amidst the growing influence of the dark side of the Force in the corrupt, declining days of the Republic.
All Wookieepedia administrators are granted operator status in all public Wookieepedia IRC channels by virtue of their on-wiki sysop privileges. Likewise, all bureaucrats are granted Founder rights (+F) in all public Wookieepedia IRC channels. Administrators may additionally be granted Founder access in public channels as circumstances merit. Private Wookieepedia channels, such as those used by the Inquisitorius and AgriCorps, are governed by those respective groups, which must designate at least two standing members to hold Founder rights at all times.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
Revan and Malak had disobeyed the Jedi High Council in order to lead the war effort against the Mandalorians, and thus found themselves at odds with the Order. Disappearing to the farthest reaches of known space, the two Jedi fell to the dark side of the Force, becoming Dark Lords of the Sith, and returned with a fleet of starships and Republic deserters to invade the Republic. War had once again broken out, this time between the Republic and the Jedi against their own former champions from the Mandalorian campaign.[1]
The specific details in the body of this article are based on the assumed alignment choices of Republic and Jedi player-characters in Star Wars: The Old Republic. This presentation is based on community consensus.Alternative paths should be listed in the behind the scenes section.
After assassinating the leaders of the Confederacy of Independent Systems, Vader was confronted on Mustafar by his one-time friend and mentor, Kenobi, resulting in a lightsaber duel that left Vader burned and mutilated. As a consequence of his defeat, he was rebuilt as a cyborg and encased in a life-sustaining suit of armor, further distancing the persona of Vader from that of Anakin Skywalker. In addition, Amidala's death in childbirth broke the fallen Jedi Knight's heart, leaving him more machine than man mentally as well as physically.
This is the policy for uploading and using files on Wookieepedia. Uploads that fail to meet the criteria listed here may be deleted by an administrator and the uploader may be blocked in accordance with the blocking policy.
Star Wars Rebels is an animated television series set during the time frame between the films Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith and Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope. It premiered worldwide as a one-hour television movie, Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion, on Disney Channel on October 3, 2014; Regular episodes aired for four seasons on Disney XD, from October 13, 2014 to March 5, 2018. During its run, the series was nominated for four Emmy Awards, including two consecutive nominations for "Outstanding Children's Program."[25]
The cold war escalated into open conflict when the First Order launched an attack on the New Republic, annihilating the Senate and its capital on Hosnian Prime with the power of Starkiller Base in 34 ABY. In the wake of the Hosnian Cataclysm, the Resistance military launched a direct assault on Starkiller and ultimately destroyed the superweapon. Their victory was short-lived, however. The military forces of the First Order struck back, inflicting heavy losses on the the Resistance which was forced to evacuate their headquarters on D'Qar. The Resistance fleet whittled away under the relentless assault by the First Order Navy. The surviving members of the Resistance sought refuge in an abandoned outpost on Crait, but Supreme Leader Kylo Ren pursued them with the armies of the First Order under his command. The Resistance narrowly survived the Battle of Crait due to the efforts of the Jedi Luke Skywalker, who emerged from his hermitage to save his twin sister's rebellion, although this action would cost Skywalker his life. Nevertheless, his death had invigorated the Resistance, inspiring them to rebuild and continue the war against the First Order.
CB-23 next saw BB-8 and Xiono when they rendezvoused with the Resistance to deliver intel about the proposal the First Order had made to Imanuel Doza. She and BB-8 had a reunion that prompted Dameron to refer to them as "lovedroids." When Dameron was sent on a mission to investigate a set of coordinates in the Unknown Regions, CB-23 flew in his X-wing. When Dameron and Xiono discovered a mining facility, Station Theta Black, at the coordinates, CB-23 scanned the facility and detected no lifesigns or active droids. Dameron and Xiono landed inside to investigate, and CB piloted both X-wings to hide in the nearby asteroid field and await the signal for a pickup. When the First Order arrived at the facility, as it was slated for demolition that day, she saw them and immediately contacted BB-8 so he could warn Dameron and Xiono. When she was ordered to bring the fighters in, she flew them past Major Elrik Vonreg and his squadron of TIE fighters. After Dameron, Xiono and BB-8 boarded their fighters, the four Resistance members eventually escaped the area, and reported back to base.[5]
The Colossus was initially met by hostility from the indigenous Aeosians, who mistakenly believed that they were the same First Order Star Destroyer that had attacked their village, which was built on top of a rebel base. The Resistance pilot Kazuda Xiono managed to convince the Aeosian Queen that the Colossus residents meant no harm by healing a wounded Aeosian. As a result, the Queen called off hostilities and allowed the Colossus residents to settle on Aeos Prime.[1]
The vendetta Bane held against the Jedi was fulfilled during the Clone Wars, when Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, secretly the Sith Lord Darth Sidious and a follower of the Rule of Two, transformed the Galactic Republic into the Galactic Empire and destroyed the Jedi Order. However, the victory was short-lived, as the redeemed Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, formerly the Sith Lord Darth Vader, defeated the Sith twenty-three years later.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
However, the peace mission suggested by the Jedi was a failure. Amanoa rejected their offer, and as a result, Oron Kira led his Beast Riders into battle against Amanoa's forces. She was subsequently defeated by the combined might of the Jedi and Beast Riders, and the aftermath saw the achievement of peace, with Galia and Oron Kira being officially recognized as King and Queen of Onderon.
It is now three years after the events of A New Hope. The Rebel Alliance has been forced to flee its base on Yavin 4 and establish a new one on the ice planet of Hoth.
Shortly after the First Order raid, the refueling platform Colossus, arrived on Aeos Prime. The Colossus had spend several months eluding the First Order and had scouted Aeos Prime as a potential place to establish a new home. Captain Imanuel Doza, the leader of the Colossus, and its inhabitants liked the planet's blue skies and oceans.[3]
Meanwhile, the Sith Emperor and his Dark Council grew increasingly desperate for a swift end to the war which had already dragged on for over a decade.[5] Around 3667 BBY,[2] the Empire began an aggressive push toward the Core Worlds that included an invasion of Alderaan and the blockade of the Hydian Way, all while continuing the Outer Rim onslaught.[7] Imperial efforts in the Core were met with great resistance, draining the Sith war chest and straining the Empire's military. Regardless, the Empire continued with its strategy and worked to bolster their stretched forces by capturing additional worlds in the Outer Rim to reap much-needed resources and slaves.[5] As the war approached its third decade,[2] Darth Mekhis, a member of the Dark Council and a practiced Sith scientist and alchemist, set her sights on Rhen Var[3] in the Thanium Worlds of the Outer Rim Territories.[10] She hoped to seize the world for the Empire and appropriate its resources for the Sith war machine, while also using it as a testing ground for her newly developed weapons.[3]
BB-8, sometimes spelled and pronounced Beebee-Ate and nicknamed BB, was a BB-series astromech droid who operated approximately thirty years after the Battle of Endor. It had a dome head, similar to that of R2 series astromech droids, with the bulk of its body made up of a ball on which the droid's head rolled. BB-8 was mostly white, with some silver and orange on its body, as well as a black photoreceptor. The droid belonged to Resistance pilot Poe Dameron, whom he accompanied during his flights on his T-70 X-wing starfighter.
The main forms of writing covered by Vorgan in the various segments of the article were Aurebesh, the High Galactic alphabet, Tionese, Sith writing systems, Trade Federation Basic, Naboo Futhark and Futhork, and Atrisian script. In addition to providing various recommendations for further reading, Vorgan's article was illustrated with charts comparing the characters from several of the writing styles with the more common characters of the High Galactic Alphabet, as well as various other illustrations demonstrating the disparate forms of typography in use throughout the galaxy.
Dryden Vos was a male near-human who served as the public face of the crime syndicate Crimson Dawn during the reign of the Galactic Empire. He owned the First Light, and possessed a large quantity of wealth as Crimson Dawn's figurehead leader. He recruited the Corellian Qi'ra to be his Lieutenant, and hired Beckett's gang to steal Coaxium for him. When he tried to kill Han Solo, he was betrayed by Qi'ra, and the two engaged in a quick duel which resulted in Dryden Vos being stabbed and killed.
Born on the planet Arkanis around the time of the Battle of Yavin, Hux was the illegitmate son of Commandant Brendol Hux, who fathered Armitage by a kitchen woman. In the aftermath of the Galactic Civil War, Hux was sent into the Unknown Regions where the First Order rose seeking to reclaim the glory of the Galactic Empire. A ruthless officer by the time of the cold war, Hux engineered the death of his father, oversaw the training and indoctrination of a new generation of stormtroopers, and ordered the firing of Starkiller's superweapon to destroy the New Republic capital of Hosnian Prime. During the war that ensued with the Resistance, Hux served as commanding officer of the Mega-class Star Dreadnought Supremacy until its destruction shortly before the Battle of Crait.
Any in-universe articles must be based on canonical sources officially licensed by Lucasfilm. For out-of-universe articles and behind the scenes material, the situation is more dubious.
During the Imperial Era, the Rebel Alliance established an underground base on the ocean world of Aeos Prime. The rebels were welcomed by the indigenous Aeosian villagers, who built their village near the base.[3]
Star Wars Battlefront II, Maz's Scoundrels, Age of Rebellion - Han Solo 1, Swoop Racers, Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars 37, Star Wars Book IX: The Ashes of Jedha, Star Wars: The Last Jedi – The Storms of Crait 1, Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars 61, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues, Star Wars: Han Solo, An Echo of Victory, Star Wars 1, Bounty Hunted, An Imperial Feast, Age of Rebellion - Princess Leia 1, Last Shot, Force Collector, Star Wars: The Force Awakens: A Junior Novel, Tracker Trouble, Age of Resistance - Rey 1, Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Porg Problems, Porgs!, Life Lessons, Poe Dameron 27, Resistance Reborn, Allegiance 1, Spark of the Resistance, Pirate's Price, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, A Race for Answers
By around 7 BBY,[2] the Falleen Prince Xizor had secured his place as the leader of Black Sun, the most powerful crime syndicate in the galaxy.[6] Xizor's position necessitated a certain degree of paranoia and, with little trust for those around him, the Dark Prince sought out a completely loyal lieutenant, one who did not suffer from the same fallibility as a sentient.[1]
After Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine transformed the Republic into the Galactic Empire and proclaimed the Jedi as fugitives, Tarkin became the Empire's first Grand Moff, and regional Governor of the Outer Rim. With this responsibility, he was also given oversight of the Death Star which he took command over after removing Orson Krennic from the position once it was operational. He believed that fear of the battle station would keep the local systems loyal to the Empire, and used it to destroy Alderaan to showcase the station's power. The Rebel Alliance squad Rogue One, however, stole the plans to the Death Star from Scarif, and Luke Skywalker was able to destroy it during the Battle of Yavin, killing all those on board, including Tarkin.
Realizing that the Believers would likely try to interfere with any attempt to move the Pulas off-world, Qel-Bertuk devised a plan to hinder their efforts, and he summoned spacers from across the Cularin system to Almas, assembling a fleet of over 250 vessels. The Almas Jedi obtained a large number of Mandalorian iron boxes, and each box was loaded onto a different ship, with one box containing the Pulas and the others serving as decoys. Only Qel-Bertuk knew which vessel was carrying the Pulas, and he hoped that the Force-deflecting properties of the Mandalorian iron containers would confound any efforts by the Believers to use the Force to sense which box housed the relic. Once all of the containers had been loaded onto their respective ships, the fleet departed from Almas and set a course for Coruscant. As the fleet passed through the Cularin comet cloud, while it moved toward the edge of the Cularin system, a Believer-operated Z-95 Headhunter surreptitiously pursued a ship in the fleet that the cultists suspected was carrying the Pulas. The Headhunter attempted to cause the purported Pulas-carrying ship to collide with a comet fragment, which would allow the Believers to recover the artifact, but the starfighter did not succeed with its mission, and Qel-Bertuk's fleet made it to the edge of the Cularin system and entered hyperspace.[1]
An advanced militaristic YVH-Series battle droid, YVH 2-4S&#8212;also referred to as Two-Four-S&#8212;was produced by the company Tendrando Arms around 27 ABY, during the Yuuzhan Vong War in which the extra-galactic Yuuzhan Vong invaded the galaxy and engaged the New Republic in war. That year, the Yuuzhan Vong's shaper caste genetically engineered the dangerous voxyn beasts to hunt the Jedi Knights, who were protecting the New Republic, through the Force. Voxyn attacks soon began to take a heavy toll on the ranks of the Jedi as the beasts hunted and killed them. In response, a Jedi strike team was formed to deal with the threat, as the Jedi had discovered that the shapers were using a voxyn queen as a genetic template for all the other voxyn that they had cloned into creation. Additionally, the Jedi also found that the location where the Yuuzhan Vong were creating the voxyn was in the vicinity of the planet Myrkr, which was controlled by the invaders.[1]
This Featured article has been deemed sufficiently below FA standards by the Inquisitorius and will have its status removed if not up to standards by the next Inquisitorius meeting.
For one thousand years, the galaxy had been governed through the Galactic Republic. A democratic union centered on the capital world of Coruscant, the Republic was ruled by the Galactic Senate led by an elected Supreme Chancellor. With the assistance of the Jedi Order acting as peacekeepers, the Republic enjoyed a millennia without large-scale war. However, as time went on, the government of the Republic became weak and corrupt.[1]
In the years leading up to the Mandalorian Wars, the Hidden Beks and the Black Vulkars were two of the largest and most active swoop gangs on the Outer Rim world of Taris, roaming the planet's Lower City on swoop bikes and on foot. When Mandalore brought about the escalation of the conflict by attacking the Galactic Republic across three fronts,[1] his Mandalorian clans laid siege to Taris, eventually succeeding in invading and occupying the planet. As a result the Beks, under the leadership of Gadon Thek, began to cooperate with other elements of the Taris Resistance, led by Constable Noana Sowrs. The Beks and Sowers' group were brought together by the Snivvian con-artist and erstwhile guerrilla fighter Marn Hierogryph. The Vulkars, on the other hand, stayed out of the resistance, only engaging in piecemeal attacks on the Mandalorian invaders.[4][5][6] Superior numbers and tactics on the part of the Mandalorian Neo-Crusaders ultimately proved to be too effective, and the resistance was largely broken up.[7] Eventually, however, military forces of the Galactic Republic, led by the Jedi Knights Revan and Malak, drove the Neo-Crusaders from Taris, restoring Republic control and bringing about law and order. The peace they brought, however, did not last for long.[1]
Content approaching. Queen's Shadow, Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Rise of the Separatists, Collapse of the Republic–class.
From time to time, the Wookieepedia community will discuss and pass policy changes or come to consensus on certain issues. Such decisions will be noted here, as will proposed ideas from the Consensus track.
Vader and Tagge soon attacked and defeated a group of pirates who utilized custom droideka security droids provided to them by a Doctor Chelli Aphra.[15] Vader had been impressed with the droidekas and began a search for Aphra, eventually locating her on the asteroid space station Quarantine World III. The archaeologist also gave Vader two assassin droids, 0-0-0&#8212;commonly known as Triple-Zero&#8212;and BT-1, also known as Beetee, to help. Vader revealed that he needed private resources of his own to capture the operative and the Rebel: unquestionably loyal battle droids. Aphra understood, and using information she had been given by the Droid Gotra, a criminal syndicate, she explained that a Geonosian queen had survived her homeworld's sterilization and possessed a droid factory. Vader agreed to her choice,[1] and they left for the old warzone of Geonosis aboard Aphra's starship, the Ark Angel.[5]
In 5000 BBY, hyperspace explorer Jori Daragon returned to her home planet of Koros Major after she had escaped from the long-isolated Sith Empire. Jori, sneaking into Koros system ruler Empress Teta's palace, warned the monarch that the Sith were preparing to wage war on the Galactic Republic in an expansionist endeavor.[3] Shortly afterward, a large part of Dark Lord of the Sith Naga Sadow's force, led by Sith apprentice Gav Daragon, Jori's brother, gathered in the Koros system. A meeting was held in Teta's palace, where the Empress appointed Vontaige, one of her top advisors and generals, to help lead her forces against the Sith on Koros Major. Although many of the fleet's warships had been destroyed or damaged in the recent Koros Unification Wars, Teta believed that they could still make a good accounting of themselves. The citizens of Koros Major were determined to defend the world with their lives and launched their battleships. The Koros military began to take up defensive positions inside the capital city of Cinnagar, and even Teta herself began preparing for battle, donning a heavy suit of battle armor and wielding a large lance. Jori Daragon also armed herself with a protosaber that had been given to her by Jedi Knight Odan-Urr.[1]
After Erso's liberation, the Alliance employed her to make contact with her father, discovering that he had deliberately left a crucial weakness in the Death Star's design as an act of sabotage. In an effort to retrieve the Death Star's schematics needed to pinpoint that weak spot, Melshi helped Andor assemble a ragtag group of volunteers dubbed "Rogue One." The squad then set off on a mission to the Imperial security complex on the planet Scarif, where the plans were being stored. During the subsequent battle on the planet, Melshi and the rest of Rogue One successfully obtained the Death Star plans, but they all gave their lives to ensure the mission's success.
Content approaching. Raiders of the Lost Gundark, Monster Misunderstanding, Queen's Shadow, The Imposter Inside, Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 1, The Starfighter Stunt, Unexpected Company, Age of Republic - Padmé Amidala 1, Thrawn: Alliances, So Much More, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, Vader Immortal: A Star Wars VR Series, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith 22, Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith 25, Bloodline–class.
Luke Skywalker, a Force-sensitive human male, was a legendary Jedi Master who fought in the Galactic Civil War during the reign of the Galactic Empire. Along with his companions, Princess Leia Organa and Captain Han Solo, Skywalker served on the side of the Alliance to Restore the Republic&#8212;an organization committed to the downfall of Emperor Palpatine and the restoration of democracy. Following the war, Skywalker became a living legend, and was remembered as one of the greatest Jedi in galactic history.
Leader of the dark side Krath cult of the Empress Teta system, Sith Lord Ulic Qel-Droma desired the vessels for use in the coming war between the Sith Brotherhood and the Republic. He gathered his fleet, bolstered by the Crusaders of his newly-sworn ally Mandalore the Indomitable, and set out for the Foerost shipyards. Upon arrival, the lover of Qel-Droma, sorceress Aleema Keto, conjured a Force illusion that disguised the Krath armada as a single, large vessel, called the "Golthar's Sky." The illusion, which thwarted the monitors' sensor systems and gave the impression of a massive vessel exiting hyperspace, approached the shipyards and requested clearance to dock for repairs. Dock supervisors in Tower Bravo noticed the ship's density and offered to dispatch an inspection crew, as none of the Foerost docks were able to support the vessel.[1]
Padmé Amidala, also known as Padmé Amidala Naberrie, was a human female senator who represented the people of Naboo during the final years of the Galactic Republic. Prior to her career in the Galactic Senate, Amidala was the elected ruler of the Royal House of Naboo. A political idealist, she advocated for the preservation of democracy as well as a peaceful resolution to the Clone Wars. However, her secret marriage to the Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker would have a lasting effect on the future of the galaxy for decades to come.
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
The Chancellor's machinations culminated in the execution of Order 66, a secret protocol that turned the Jedi's clone soldiers against them, leading to an all but total extermination of the Jedi Order. With the Jedi eliminated, Sidious supplanted a thousand years of democracy with a new government known as the Galactic Empire. In addition, Sidious succeeded in turning Anakin Skywalker&#8212;the prophesied Chosen One who was destined to bring balance to the Force by destroying the Sith&#8212;to the dark side and anointed him Darth Vader. As a Sith Lord, the former Jedi Knight served the self-proclaimed Galactic Emperor by hunting down the few surviving Jedi who dispersed into hiding across the galaxy. In spite of the Sith's efforts, however, the Jedi continued to endure. Within a generation of the Empire's rise to power, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda&#8212;both of whom survived the initial purge of the Order&#8212;trained Vader's son, Luke Skywalker, in the Jedi arts. Redeemed by his son's love, Anakin returned to the light and fulfilled his destiny as the Chosen One, destroying both himself and his Master during the Battle of Endor.
Throughout the war, Chewbacca and Solo fought the Empire in a number of engagements, including an assault on Cymoon 1 and the battle on Vrogas Vas. Along with Princess Organa and C-3PO, they escaped from Echo Base on the planet Hoth after the Empire tracked the Rebel Alliance there. The group sought refuge with Lando Calrissian, an old friend of Solo's, on Cloud City, but Calrissian betrayed them and turned them over to Darth Vader, the Emperor's chief enforcer, after his city was threatened. Solo was frozen in carbonite and Calrissian helped the others escape, but they were too late to save the frozen Solo from being taken by Boba Fett to Jabba the Hutt. Chewbacca and Calrissian set off to find Solo and located him in Jabba's Palace on Tatooine, where Chewbacca and his friends saved Solo and destroyed Jabba. Shortly thereafter, they fought in the Battle of Endor, where Chewbacca helped destroy the shield generator and allowed the Alliance Fleet to destroy the Death Star II. The Emperor was killed aboard the battle station, delivering a crippling blow to the Empire.
Ka'hane, meanwhile, received a message from his true master, Vilia Calimondra, who wished for her grandchildren, Daiman and Odion, to unite their forces and destroy Bactra. Ka'hane delivered the message, and Daiman and Odion immediately turned on Bactra, whose forces were observing the battle near Gazzari's sun. Bactra's ships retreated into hyperspace with Daiman and Odion in pursuit, while the Diligence, too damaged to continue fighting and crowded with the student refugees, made for Byllura, a planet located in another Sith state. Following the battle, the brothers invaded and conquered Bactra's territory, and Odion captured Bactra's capital.
Whereas Gene Roddenberry's Star Trek, a science fantasy franchise that has enjoyed long-lasting popularity in American popular culture, is portrayed by its makers to appear as a rational and progressive approach to storytelling, Star Wars has a strong mythic quality alongside its political and scientific elements.
As part of Mandalore's terms, both he and Qel-Droma, along with their respective armies, were to meet on the Deep Core world of Kuar, on the Plains of Harkul,[2] which the Mandalorians had raided and established camps upon years earlier.[4] Believing that he could stunt Qel-Droma's use of the Force, Mandalore waited until just before the fight to advise the Sith Lord that the duel would not take place on the ground; instead, it would take place far above the plains of Harkul on a network of linked chains. Likewise, Mandalore advised those listening that to even the odds against a Jedi, he would be allowed to use his customized Basilisk war droid, while Qel-Droma would not be allowed any type of mount.[2]
"Crusher"[2] Roodown was an Abednedo[1] male who for years was one of the best scavengers operating out of Niima Outpost on the planet Jakku, where he would bring his junk to trade with the junk dealer Unkar Plutt, the outpost's proprietor. After Roodown and Plutt had a dispute, Plutt sent his thugs to cut off the scavenger's arms[2] in the belief that Roodown was selling salvage to another buyer.[4]
Intending to bring an end to her treason, Kel tracked Kressh to Lenico Colony Blue, where he found her emerging from her state of suspended animation. The two quickly entered into combat, and although Kel fought ferociously, Kressh's superior lightsaber skills and command of the dark side of the Force overwhelmed the young apprentice. The melee resulted in extensive damage to the station's medical facilities and superstructure, crippling the satellite and forcing its denizens to evacuate. Although Kel attempted to defend himself for a time, he was severely wounded and his bid to capture the Emperor's rogue apprentice ultimately failed. Kressh allowed her adversary to flee from the engagement before continuing to ruin Lenico Colony Blue and send it hurtling toward the surface of Lenico IV. In doing so, she covered her own flight from the facility and trapped Kel and her other pursuers on the surface of the dead world, granting herself time to continue her treason and further subvert the Emperor's goals.
Please note that while the target audience of The Clone Wars series is a somewhat younger audience, this is by no means a hindrance to our goal. We still expect the same amount of quality that would be expected of any other Star Wars articles, which includes acceptable spelling and grammar.
The first writing style covered by Vorgan was Aurebesh, the most widespread and common visual alphabet in the galaxy. To illustrate, the article provided a chart of the Aurebesh characters aligned with their analogues in the High Galactic alphabet. The doctor discussed the various levels of inconsistencies inherent in the form, partly borne from the fact that despite originating with Coruscanti Humans, the script had been influenced by several non-Human cultures who had only recently entered the wider galactic community. The inconsistencies and similarities of Aurebesh to the non-Human writing styles had been a mystery to scientists, until the more recent archaeological discoveries of a pre-Republic force, the Rakatan Infinite Empire. Artifacts from the Empire had been found to bear symbols closely resembling the Aurebesh characters, and Vorgan noted that this likely indicated that it was the Rakatans who had provided the basis for modern Aurebesh and its variants. This was apparently in spite of the fact that the Rakatan writing was logographic&#8212;the species enslaved by the Infinite Empire merely adopted the symbols for their own use without any connection to their Rakatan significance. As a result, several different writing forms stemmed from the same Rakatan origins.[1]
Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan &amp; Anakin Adventure, Unexpected Company, Star Wars: Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith, Ahsoka, Thrawn: Alliances, Thrawn: Treason, Vader Immortal: A Star Wars VR Series, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars: Doctor Aphra Book V: The Catastrophe Con, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars 67, Doctor Aphra 35, Star Wars: Doctor Aphra Book VIII: A Rogue's End, Star Wars Book XIV: Rebels and Rogues, Star Wars: Target Vader, In Service to the Empire, Star Wars 1, Aftermath: Empire's End, Bloodline, Age of Resistance - Kylo Ren 1, Force Collector, The Dark Wraith, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: The Visual Dictionary, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, Star Wars: Target Vader, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
In addition to his occupation as a mechanic and shopkeeper, Yeager was the leader of a racing team known as Team Fireball, which consisted of a younger generation of starship pilots. During the cold war, his team accepted the New Republic pilot Kazuda Xiono as the newest addition to their ranks. Although Yeager permitted Xiono to work as a member of his crew, he knew the young pilot was, in fact, a spy for the Resistance and wanted no part in their conflict with the First Order.
After the stories of Jango and Boba Fett, another warrior emerges in the Star Wars universe. The Mandalorian is set after the fall of the Empire and before the emergence of the First Order. We follow the travels of a lone gunfighter in the outer reaches of the galaxy far from the authority of the New Republic....[9]
The Battle of Corellia was a large-scale conflict that occurred on the planet Corellia in 3641 BBY during the Galactic War between the reconstituted Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic. As the peace brought by the Treaty of Coruscant collapsed into open war, the Sith Lord Darth Decimus led an invasion force to the prestigious Core World, sparking a lengthy fight for control. Darth Decimus's invasion force descended on the planet after months of planning and the forming of alliances with the Corellian Council, who declared Corellia's allegiance to the Empire as the Imperials arrived in the world's skies. However, pockets of civilian resistance soon began to spring up, organized by the Corellian Security Force and the native Green Jedi, and the Empire quickly discovered that the Corellians would not accept Imperial rule so easily.
By default, the Special:Upload page operates in "basic" mode, which will preload the code of the required &#123;&#123;information&#125;&#125; template but does not prevent files from being uploaded with missing information. However, we have provided a more user-friendly form which can be accessed by by clicking "switch to guided upload form" in the top-right corner of the purple box.
A battle took place during the Freedon Nadd Uprising, in the year 3998 BBY, that pitted the combined forces of the Jedi Order and the Beast Riders of Onderon against the dark side-empowered army commanded by King Ommin of Iziz. Being the first battle of that conflict, it commenced during the funeral procession of Ommin's wife, the Sith sorceress Queen Amanoa, as a group of Jedi Knights led by Jedi Master Arca Jeth prepared to transport both Amanoa's sarcophagus and that of the ancient Dark Lord Freedon Nadd to a newly constructed mausoleum on the far side of Onderon's jungle moon, Dxun.
Before the Awakening, Tracker Trouble, Perilous Pursuit, Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, Shuttle Shock, Poe Dameron 26, Poe Dameron 27, Poe Dameron 28, Resistance Reborn, Allegiance 1, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Spark of the Resistance, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker
Following the outbreak of the First Order–Resistance war, the First Order, a remnant of the Old Empire, launched a campaign to destroy former Rebellion bases in order to deny them to the insurgent Resistance. A First Order Star Destroyer traveled to Aeos Prime and attempted to destroy the rebel base. They instead attacked the nearby Aeosian village, wounding several people and forcing them to evacuate underground.[3]
Ruescott Melshi was a human male member of the Alliance to Restore the Republic during the early days of rebellion against the Galactic Empire. An experienced soldier and infiltrator, Melshi served as a sergeant in[5] the Pathfinders branch[3] of the Alliance Special Forces. During his time with the rebels, Melshi became a good friend of Captain Cassian Andor, a member of Rebel Alliance Intelligence Service.[5] As an infiltrator, Melshi often had to perform dirty work in the name of the Rebellion.[2]
Everyone can edit pages in Wookieepedia&#8212;even this page! Just click the Edit link at the top of any page (except for protected pages) if you think it needs any improvement or new information. You don't need anything special; you don't even need to be logged in. If you want to experiment first, without risk of "messing up" a real article, head over to the sandbox, where you can practice editing to your heart's content.  To practice editing an existing page like this one, just copy and paste it from the article's edit page into the sandbox.
During the Battle of Christophsis, an investigation led by Clone Captain Rex and Clone Commander Cody revealed that troop movements had been relayed to Separatist forces, allowing the enemy to preemptively attack Republic strike teams. The traitor was identified as the clone trooper sergeant nicknamed "Slick," and was apprehended, though not before he was able to significantly damage the base's weapons depot.[1]
The series begins five years before Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope, fourteen years into the reign of the Galactic Empire.[23][24] The general premise is described as follows:
There is a separate template for multiple speakers, so take note, and examine the wiki code in other nominations if you're having trouble. As an example, use this for a simple two-line dialogue:
Content approaching. The Rise of Kylo Ren 1, The Rise of Kylo Ren 2, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, The Last Jedi Adaptation 1, Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary–class.
Inspired by films like the Flash Gordon serials and the samurai films of Akira Kurosawa, as well as such critical works as Joseph Campbell's The Hero with a Thousand Faces and Frank Herbert's Dune books, Lucas began work on Star Wars in 1974. Ground-breaking in its use of special effects, this is considered to be among the most successful&#8212;and most influential&#8212;films of all time. Produced with a budget of US$11,000,000 and released on May 25, 1977, the film became one of the most successful of all time, earning $215 million in the United States and $337 million overseas during its original theatrical release, as well as winning several film awards, including 10 Academy Award nominations. It was re-released several times, sometimes with significant changes; the most notable versions were the 1997 Special Edition and the 2004 DVD, which were modified with CGI effects and recreated scenes. It was re-released in the Blu-ray format in September of 2011. The film was selected to be preserved by the Library of Congress as part of its National Film Registry. The film was selected in 1989, the program's first year in existence.
During the Jedi Civil War, the amnesiac former Dark Lord of the Sith, Revan, along with Republic officer and pilot Carth Onasi, became trapped on Taris after their ship, the Hammerhead-class cruiser Endar Spire, was destroyed in the space above Taris. While searching for the missing Jedi Knight Bastila Shan, who had also been aboard the vessel and whose battle meditation was considered vital to the Republic war effort, they became caught up in the conflict. After learning that Shan&#8212;who had been captured from her escape pod by the Vulkars&#8212;was being offered up as the prize to the winner of the Tarisian Season Opener, Revan and Onasi sided with the Hidden Beks, and infiltrated the Black Vulkar Base in order to reacquire a swoop bike prototype accelerator that the Vulkars had earlier stolen from the Beks; the accelerator was considered crucial by both gangs for whoever made use of it would gain an advantage in the competition. Revan himself volunteered to race on behalf of the Beks. After winning the race, Revan and Shan, who had freed herself from captivity through use of the Force, squared off against Brejik and the Black Vulkars at the track. This scuffle resulted in the death of Brejik.
Wilhuff Tarkin was a human male who served the Galactic Republic and later the Galactic Empire. During the Clone Wars, Tarkin served as a Republic captain under Jedi Master Even Piell and was taken prisoner by the Confederacy of Independent Systems, before escaping with the help of a Jedi and clone trooper strike team. During the incident Piell was killed and Tarkin was later promoted to Admiral and served as prosecutor in the trial of Ahsoka Tano, who was framed for the bombing of the Jedi Temple hangar.
The Sith Empire, largely uninhibited by the Republic, launched a massive invasion of the Minos Cluster the same year.[1] In 3680 BBY,[2] the Jedi, refusing to sit idle as the Sith ravaged the Outer Rim, organized a fleet of battle cruisers to ferry their Knights to the Minos Cluster and defend its people. These developments proved to be a tipping point, and immediately after the Jedi's departure, chaos broke out on Coruscant. Hysteria gripped the populace as news continued to deliver stories of Imperial conquests that horrified many Coruscanti. Some organized mass political rallies in favor of the war effort, while others gathered to demand restraint in the fight against the Sith. Meanwhile, riots and looting wracked sections of the Galactic City, all stemming from fears of the Empire's march toward the Core Worlds.[1]
The film was first announced as a Han Solo picture in 2015, along with the news that Phil Lord and Christopher Miller would be the film's directors. Principal photography began in January 2017, after which creative differences arose between the two directors and the studio. They were replaced by Ron Howard, who was tasked with completing principal photography along with what was reported to be extensive re-shoots.
Coppertop was the name assumed by a B1 battle droid who served in the Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems. During the Clone Wars, the battle droid participated in a battle on the planet Bogoa against the forces of the Galactic Republic, a rival state to the Confederacy. There, the droid was selected as the subject for an experiment enacted by the Confederate leader Count Dooku, to test the willingness of a programmed being to disregard its primary protocols. As the droid marched into battle, the directive Order 99 was issued to the mechanical soldier, which compelled the droid to ignore its orders to kill as a part of the Confederate war machine.
Charal used it to great effect during her service to the Sanyassan Marauders, a band of Sanyassan pirates. However, the Talisman was later seized by the Marauders' leader, King Terak, who wore it around his neck. Eventually, the ring was destroyed in an encounter with the moon's native Ewoks. The great power of the ring was unleashed upon Terak, burning him to death. As Charal was flying around in raven form during the fight, the untimely destruction of the Talisman trapped her in this shape with no hope of escape.
The Ghost was pursued by several TIE fighters, leading to a brief firefight throughout the atmosphere and into space. The ship was able to escape into hyperspace before returning to Lothal, where it scrambled its signal so it could not be recognized. The rebels brought many of the crates, which also contained food and other supplies, to a refugee settlement called Tarkintown, where the rebels provided it for free to the refugees. Jarrus and Hera Syndulla, the crew's captain, delivered the blasters to Vizago, who paid them both in money and in information&#8212;specifically, the potential whereabouts of Wookiees who had been enslaved by the Empire, leading the rebels to undertake a mission to rescue them. Bridger later joined the crew, having found an adopted family in them as a result of the heist.
Beckett and his gang were held at gunpoint by Dvorad and his ship until a creature attacked. As his gang and Dvorad fought the creature, Beckett boarded the ship and fought his way past Dvorad's guards. Aboard, Beckett was able to find the the chips and make his way back to Val and Durant in order to make their escape before the creature pulled Dvorad's ship into the depths. As they left, Beckett shot down Durant's idea about keeping some of the chips for themselves instead of giving all of them to Crimson Dawn's leader, Dryden Vos. Beckett then summoned the Rampart and left Hovun IV.[4]
Dryden Vos was the public face of the crime syndicate Crimson Dawn, one of the most ruthless criminal syndicates in the galaxy during the reign of the Galactic Empire. However, when he was alone, he used to communicate via hologram with the shadowy leader of Crimson Dawn, the Zabrak crime lord known as Maul,[1] former Sith apprentice of Darth Sidious,[4] the Sith persona of Sheev Palpatine, the Galactic Emperor.[5] To do so, Vos used a ring to activate the hologram panel.[1] Vos acquired a Kalevalan yacht known as the First Light, where he had a study filled with several relics, including a slab of an obsidian stone he plundered from a Sith temple.[2]
By February 15, 2006, Lucasfilm Animation was working on animation tests and initial scripts, with Lucas playing a large part in the entire process.[55][4] The crew used Autodesk software to animate both the film and the series. The Maya 3D modeling program was used to create highly detailed worlds, characters and creatures.[56] Script, character design and art direction were completed at ILM, with the animation and rendering done at Lucasfilm Animation Singapore, and also Polygon Pictures between 2011 and 2013.[57] No rotoscoping was involved, however, ILM did use motion capture. The final assembly of each episode was done at Skywalker Ranch.[58] Lucas's involvement resulted in rewrites of most of the scripts, as Lucas insisted on more character development and that the show should not be based in one location, but as many as possible so as to make the story as interesting as possible to the viewer.[9] The animation style was inspired by 1960s-era puppets-in-space serials such as Gerry Anderson's Thunderbirds,[59] as well as the character designs from the original Clone Wars series.[60] Each episode of The Clone Wars was designed to be stand-alone, with an opening narration and moral to each story.[61] In terms of story and cinematography, the series was directed as if it were a live-action series,[4] and the episodes were produced in widescreen.[62] Writer Henry Gilroy gained inspiration for the episode titles from the pulpy adventure sci-fi serials of the 1930s.[63] The series utilized unused ideas from Lucas' previous Star Wars projects.[50] Paul Dini pitched at least two rejected ideas for episodes: One involved Jar Jar Binks trying to convince the Galactic Senate that there is life on an obscure planet, and the other involved Anakin Skywalker and Padmé Amidala hiring an Ewok assassin.[64]
On March 11, 2013, a video appeared on StarWars.com, in which the crew explained that they were "winding down" the production of the series, and that they had finished the active production of new episodes.[66] Lucasfilm Story Group's Pablo Hidalgo stated that there were 13 story arcs left unfinished.[67] Writer Brent Friedman revealed on his Twitter account that scripts for the unproduced seasons 7 and 8 had been written prior to the series' cancellation.[68] James Arnold Taylor, Obi-Wan Kenobi's voice actor, has stated that prior to the series' cancellation, the actors had recorded at least two remaining unproduced seasons.[69] Had the series been allowed to continue, its final episode would have taken place during and after the events of Revenge of the Sith.[70] Since the end of the series, both Leland Chee and the official blog have posted chronological lists of episodes.[71][72]
In 0 BBY, during the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire and more than a decade before Rey's birth, her voice was heard by Padawan Ezra Bridger during his brief visit to the world between worlds&#8212;a place that existed beyond time and space.[9]
The Battle of Gazzari took place in 1032 BBY during the second Charge Matrica. Following the destruction of a Daimanate testing facility, the Sith Lord Daiman planned to ambush his brother, Odion, at the planet Gazzari. Daiman allowed the captured Bothan Narsk Ka'hane, who was responsible for the destruction of the facility, to overhear a conversation between Daiman and the Sith Lord Ayanos Bactra, who agreed to deliver an arxeum mobile university to Gazzari. Daiman then allowed Ka'hane to escape and flee to his master, Odion, to alert him of the meeting. Unaware that Jedi Knight Kerra Holt had stowed aboard his ship, Daiman traveled to Gazzari with several mercenaries&#8212;including Jarrow Rusher, Mak Medagazy, and a Nosaurian mercenary&#8212;whom he had hired for the ambush. After Daiman's forces had assembled themselves on the ridges of a massive crater, Bactra arrived at the planet with the arxeum, which landed in the crater along with four transports filled with students.
After the First Order had occupied the Colossus, Dameron returned to Castilon to pick up BB-8, who had been assigned with him on a mission to Jakku. He told Xiono that he had brought along CB-23 so she could take BB-8's place on his mission. After Xiono showed Dameron intel about First Order activity in a star system, Dameron decided to bring Xiono along to check out the system. CB-23 rode in Dameron's X-wing for the mission. When the pilots landed on a formerly inhabited moon, Dameron asked CB-23 to stay with his X-wing and the Fireball and keep them ready in case they had to leave.[4]
The name of the article should be bolded in its first usage in an intro, as should any alternate names mentioned in the intro. These bolded titles should not have links within them.
Suspecting Senator Rush Clovis was aiding the Confederacy of Independent Systems, the Jedi Council recruited Senator Padmé Amidala to spy on him. She was extracted by Skywalker following an attempted poisoning by Lott Dod, leaving Clovis behind.[4]
Born in 15 ABY during the New Republic Era, Rey's parents left her on the planet Jakku in hopes of keeping her safe from the Emperor. Though Rey longed to be reunited with her mother and father, she learned to survive on her own. Toughened by her travails in the deserts of her homeworld, Rey became a skilled mechanic, pilot, and combatant during her time as a scavenger. Her isolation ended in 34 ABY as the cold war gave way to open conflict throughout the galaxy. Having sided with the Resistance, Rey formed new friendships with Finn, a renegade stormtrooper, as well as the veterans Han Solo and Chewbacca, drawing her deeper into the galactic war that ensued from the destruction of the New Republic. In the course of her journey Rey located the legendary Jedi Master Luke Skywalker who, despite his self-imposed exile on Ahch-To, trained her in the ways of the Jedi Order. After Skywalker sacrificed his life to save the Resistance, Rey assumed his mantle as the last Jedi and became the apprentice of General Leia Organa.
The battle began with an assault on a mountaintop Republic stronghold while Imperial dreadnaughts set up a defensive perimeter in orbit above the planet. Malgus and Venemal led the successful incursion on foot and established a beachhead on the planet to plan for an advance on the capital city of Livien Magnus, which was heavily fortified against attack by Republic soldiers and artillery, as well as an all-enveloping ray shield. Fourteen days after their touchdown on the planet, the Imperials launched their siege of the capital, with Malgus planning on winning though attrition. A week into the onslaught, he and Venemal were joined by Lord Adraas, who traveled to the planet with platoons of battle droids under the orders of the Empire's ruling Dark Council. Although Republic infantry quickly destroyed Adraas's droids, the distraction allowed Malgus and Venemal to lead troops into the city and destroy the shield generator.
Content approaching. Star Wars: Return of the Jedi novel, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: Rogue One: Death Star Deluxe Book and 3D Wood Model, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary–class.
During their search, L'ampar and Black Squadron visited the planets Ovanis and Megalox Beta, facing off against Terex, an agent of the First Order Security Bureau. In Black Squadron's third encounter with Terex, L'ampar sacrificed himself to protect innocent lives. A funeral was held for L'ampar at the Resistance base, where Organa and Dameron spoke highly of the Duros veteran. Later, Black Squadron's mission was completed when the pilots located Tekka in the Great Forveen Nebula.
Ryvora found Xiono's poor mechanical skills and dubious excuses as to why suspicious. She was further unimpressed by Xiono's apparent lack of work ethic during jobs. During one such job, for a Neimoidian named Hallion Nark, Ryvora went down to the Office of Acquisitions to drag Xiono back to the repair shop, as he had taken a long time getting apart and their client was in a hurry. Not long afterward, there was a pirate attack, and Ryvora spent it in a shelter with Yeager and Vozo. When they returned to the hangar, they found Xiono working on the Fireball, which he claimed to have been doing for the entire attack. Ryvora was skeptical but remained unaware that Xiono had covertly assisted the Aces in driving off the attack.[9]
The secessionist movement that began in 24 BBY would lead to a political crisis in which tensions escalated between the newly-formed alliance and the reigning Republic. In 22 BBY, the Confederacy and the Republic went to war using their respective military forces&#8212;the droid army and the Republic clone army&#8212;resulting in a pan-galactic conflict for the first time in a millennium.
Star Wars: The Clone Wars is an animated television series set between the events of Star Wars: Episode II Attack of the Clones and Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith. The series aired on Cartoon Network for five seasons from 2008 to 2013, while an abridged sixth season was released through Netflix in 2014. On July 19, 2018, it was announced that twelve more episodes would be produced for the Disney+ streaming service and be released February 2020.
Phasma was a human female stormtrooper captain of the First Order. Phasma grew up as a member of the Scyre clan on the nuclear-ravaged world of Parnassos. She was a formidable warrior who became the clan's military leader. Seeking passage offworld, Phasma helped the First Order General Brendol Hux find his ship in the process betraying her own brother Keldo and clan. After being rescued, Phasma joined the First Order, abandoning her former life on Parnassos.
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
Meanwhile, the Galactic Empire had begun research into the development of Human replica droids, the project being led by Simonelle and Massad Thrumble.[3] The researchers were able to acquire both the plans and a prototype of a Human replica droid that had been developed as part of the aborted Project Decoy, possibly with Black Sun's assistance, which would serve as the basis for Guri.[1] Though Guri was originally intended to be only a prototype,[7] Xizor quickly saw the potential of the project and commissioned them to construct a Human replica droid to serve as his second in command.[1] The researchers modified Guri for Xizor's purposes and sold her to the Dark Prince.[7]
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, the first installment of the Anthology series, was released in December 2016 and was well received both critically and commercially.[7] In August 2017, sources from The Hollywood Reporter reported that an Anthology film centered on Obi-Wan Kenobi starring McGregor was in development by Lucasfilm, with Billy Elliot director Stephen Daldry in early talks to direct and oversee the project.[8] Joel Edgerton, who portrayed Owen Lars in the prequel trilogy, had previously expressed interest on reprising his role in a spin-off film about Kenobi.[9] Once he was hired to helm the film, Daldry contacted Hossein Amini to talk about the possibility of joining the project.[10]
Star Wars: Episode II Attack of the Clones is a 2002 film directed by George Lucas and written by Lucas and Jonathan Hales. It is the second film in the Star Wars prequel trilogy.
In response to the Empire's offensive, the Republic Navy organized a fleet to retake the Tingel Arm. Ignorant of the Empire's puppet governments, the Republic haphazardly charged into the region and found itself deep in enemy territory. Republic military leaders, caught off-guard by the audacity and aggressiveness of the Sith advance, called upon every available ship in the navy to aid the fleet in the Tingel Arm, thereby leaving other strategically important regions in the galaxy undefended. Korriban stood among the worlds that lost nearly all of their military defenses,[1] and the Sith, eager to retake their home planet, decided that the holy world was a top priority in their campaign to seize the galaxy.[8]
Over the next decade, Skywalker rose to become one of the strongest Jedi in galactic history. While he was both caring and compassionate, his fear of loss was ultimately the catalyst for his downfall. During the war, Skywalker trained a Padawan, Ahsoka Tano, who ultimately left the Jedi Order after she was framed for the terrorist attack on the Jedi Temple. The loss of Tano affected Skywalker on a personal level, causing him to feel more isolated and bitter towards the Jedi High Council. With the Clone Wars nearing conclusion, Skywalker succumbed to the temptations of the dark side, believing the Sith had the power to save the life of Senator Padmé Amidala, his secret wife. Christened "Darth Vader" by his new Master Darth Sidious, the newly-minted Sith Lord assaulted the Coruscant Jedi Temple, killing fully-trained Jedi and novice younglings alike.
The Battle of Ord Radama was a major engagement of the Great Galactic War between the belligerent powers of the reconstituted Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic. Ord Radama had previously been a holding of an old Sith Empire, but had fallen under the rule of the Republic since the conclusion of the Jedi Civil War. Although it was situated within the Esstran sector in the Seat of The Empire, the planet had resisted Sith conquest in the Great Galactic War until 3660 BBY, during the Rim Campaign led by the Sith Lords Darth Malgus and Darth Venemal. That year, the two led a detachment of the Imperial naval armada to the world and began an eighty-six-day&#8211;long campaign to secure it for the Empire.
Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
Despite receiving orders from Major Lonno Deso not to intervene, Poe Dameron decided to track down the Yissira Zyde. BB-8 accompanied Poe on an errant mission to pursue the First Order. Prior to departing on the mission, Poe got his fellow pilots Karé Kun and Iolo Arana to comlink their astromech droids to his starfighter and upload all telemetry from the Suraz engagement into BB-8. Using the combined data stored in BB-8, Poe decided to randomly visit the five places that the Yissira Zyde had traveled to. At the third stop, BB-8 picked the OR-Kappa-2722 star system. BB-8 squealed in fright when their ship exited hyperspace near a fleet of First Order Navy warships.[9]
Approximately thirty years after the destruction of the second Death Star, Luke Skywalker, the last known surviving Jedi Master, has disappeared. Both the First Order, a successor to the fallen Galactic Empire, and the Resistance, a military force backed by the New Republic and led by Luke's twin sister, General Leia Organa, scour the galaxy in an attempt to find him.
Din, who had witnessed the apprentice's defeat of Callef, took on the young Jedi as his new Padawan,[7] and the pair began to investigate the Flesh Raiders' actions. After the Padawan rescued a Jedi astromech droid named T7-O1 while recovering a supply of weapons for the Twi'lek settlement of Kalikori Village,[8] the two Jedi learned from a holorecording that Bengel Morr had survived and was leading the natives.[5] After several more assignments, Din's Padawan successfully disabled a shield generator protecting the Flesh Raiders' command base while Din and several other Masters attacked the site.[6] At the command base, the Jedi discovered the locations of many other camps, forcing the Order to send out most of the Knights and Masters on the planet to eliminate them all.[1]
In the years that followed, the First Order, a military organization built on the ashes of the Galactic Empire seized control of Kijimi, abducting people and following the Battle of Crait, took control of the world, as they had with many other planets across the galaxy. Zorii and the others learned to operate under the new control without Dameron.
In 5 ABY,[4] three months after the operation at the Wretch of Tayron, Commander Luke Skywalker, a Jedi Knight who served the Rebel Alliance, planned a mission to the planet Vetine in order to retrieve the remnants of[2] the Great Tree[6] that had once dwelled in the Jedi Temple on Coruscant. The ancient tree, which lived in a courtyard within the temple, was removed when Darth Sidious declared himself Emperor and transformed the Jedi Temple into the Imperial Palace. Its only surviving fragments remained in a research lab within an Imperial base on Vetine, and only the Emperor himself and the base's commander, Commandant Hurron, had access to the lab. Skywalker opted to use a stolen Imperial shuttle, Antarra, for the mission and recruited Lieutenant Shara Bey of Green Squadron to fly as his co-pilot. Also on the mission was Skywalker's astromech droid R2-D2.[2]
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on smaller articles. Remove this message when finished.
The Binding Ceremony of Oron Kira and Galia was an Onderonian Binding Ceremony that took place in 4000 BBY at Fortress Kira, the forest citadel of Beast-Lord Modon Kira. In the wilderness of Onderon, Galia, Princess of Iziz, and Oron Kira of the House of Kira were joined as husband and wife. The wedding was actually the second prong of a plot by Kira and Galia that began with the prearranged abduction of Galia. The abduction itself occurred shortly after the arrival of three Jedi Knights who had been called by Queen Amanoa of Onderon, to assist with ending the civil unrest between the civilians of the lone city of Iziz, and the Beast Riders from the planet's wilderness. Those same Beast Riders, led by Oron Kira, staged an ambush on the Royal Palace of Iziz, where they absconded with the Princess and returned to their forest stronghold. Amanoa, who at this time was at war with the Beast Riders, was also fooled by the charade, and thus ordered the newly-arrived Jedi diplomats to bring her daughter back unharmed. What they did not know was that the Princess had willingly left with the young Beast Rider, so that the two could consecrate their love for each other.
During the close of the Mandalorian Wars, the fallen Jedi Revan sought out the Maps, traveling to at least five planets in order to fully uncover their secrets. After piecing together all the information, Revan and his apprentice Malak found and took control of the Star Forge. With the massive space station and factory under their command, the newly proclaimed Sith Lords created an immense fleet with which to conquer a Galactic Republic that was still recovering from the Mandalorian onslaught. During the Jedi Civil War, Revan was captured and nearly killed. After being retrained at the Jedi Enclave on Dantooine, the mindwiped Revan was charged with once again completing the quest of accessing each Star Map to combat the continued expansion of the Sith Empire. After piecing together the fragmented information, he and his companions set out for the Lehon system to finally destroy the Star Forge.
The Fromm Tower Droid was a fourth-degree droid[2] intended for security and paramilitary use.[1] Four meters tall and symmetrical front and aft, its engine and drivetrain were housed within a squat, armored chassis which rose to a little under half of the overall height. In addition to protecting the vulnerable components, the chassis provided the foundation for the cylindrical tower assembly.[1] Alternate sections of both the chassis and tower were colored red and gray. Two thin, four-fingered arms extended from either side of the front of the base unit.[4] The droid stood on six large, pneumatic wheels, with three located on either side of the chassis.[1] The powerful engine and thick-tread tires allowed Tower Droids to easily traverse even rough terrain at high speeds. On flat ground, Tower Droids could reach speeds of up to 100 kilometers per hour, and the maximum speed adjusted automatically to the terrain to ensure that they did not risk tipping over.[4] The tires were also fitted with a self-sealing mechanism to make them resistant to punctures.[1]
Wookieepedia:Attribution is one of Wookieepedia's two core content policies. The other is Wookieepedia:Neutral point of view. Jointly, these policies determine the type and quality of material that is acceptable in articles; that is, content on Wookieepedia must be attributable and written from a neutral point of view. Because the policies are complementary, they should not be interpreted in isolation from one another. For examples and explanations that illustrate key aspects of this policy, see Wookieepedia:Attribution FAQ.
As the conflict with the First Order grew more desperate, Dameron was sent to find Lor San Tekka on Jakku, who had part of a map to locate Organa's brother, Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. Though Dameron entrusted the map to his astromech droid BB-8, he was captured by the First Order and interrogated for the location of the map, eventually being forced to hand over the information. He escaped with the help of a defecting stormtrooper, whom Dameron nicknamed Finn, and returned to the Resistance base on D'Qar on his own. He aided Finn, Rey, Han Solo, and Chewbacca with air support during the Battle of Takodana, and he later flew during the battle to destroy the superweapon known as Starkiller Base. During the battle, after the base was damaged by Solo, Finn, Rey, and Chewbacca, Dameron fired the shots that destroyed the Starkiller weapon, saving the Resistance from certain destruction.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on smaller articles. Remove this message when finished.
During the Clone Wars, the syndicate was very influential throughout the galaxy and run by a group of Falleen noblemen from a fortress on Mustafar.[15] Among its members was Ziro the Hutt.[6] During the war, Black Sun was coerced by Darth Maul into joining his Shadow Collective[1] after he killed their leader. Black Sun openly maintained a base on Ord Mantell.[16]
Not long after, Grand Admiral Thrawn of the Seventh Fleet, who aimed to remove Savit from command by exposing his treachery, asked Savit to turn over the captive Assistant Director Brierly Ronan to him and sent coordinates for a rendezvous. Savit traveled to the prearranged star system with four Star Destroyers, including Pellaeon's Harbinger, and met with Thrawn's flagship, the Star Destroyer Chimaera, commanded by Commodore Karyn Faro. Suspecting an ambush, Savit sent the Harbinger to sweep a nearby space station, which was actually used by Savit's pirates, as a precaution in order to keep Pellaeon away from a possible conflict. Faro subsequently transmitted evidence of Savit's complicity to the Third Fleet personnel.[1]
Star Wars Resistance was created by Dave Filoni, head of Lucasfilm Animation who led the creative team on Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Star Wars Rebels. The inspiration for the series was Filoni's interest in World War II aircraft and fighter pilots, with his grandfather's time as a pilot during the war being a particular influence on him. In the announcement of the series, Filoni noted that the series would capture the sense of excitement around high-speed racing, which Star Wars had depicted in many stories over the years.[1] Executive producer Justin Ridge elaborated: "It was a concept Dave came up with: he wanted to have a show that went more into 'How is the First Order gathering materials? What is the First Order doing before The Force Awakens?' It grew from that initial seed."[6] For the show's setting, Filoni was also inspired by the sitcom Cheers; Executive producer Athena Portillo explained this to StarWars.com: "He said, 'I want a show that takes place in one set that you go to constantly. You get to know the patrons, you get to know the people, and you introduce new characters...and it's all about their way of life'"[7]
Skywalker was born in the year 41 BBY before moving to the Outer Rim planet Tatooine during the Age of the Republic. Although he had a mother, the slave Shmi Skywalker, the truth about his parentage was that Anakin had no father&#8212;leading Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn to suspect that Skywalker's conception was the work of the midi-chlorians. Recognizing the boy's unprecedented connection to the Force, Jinn was determined to see Skywalker trained as a member of the Jedi Order, the task of which ultimately fell to his Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi following Jinn's death in 32 BBY.
Meanwhile, Savit's three remaining Star Destroyers engaged in a skirmish against the Chimaera. During the battle, Pellaeon reviewed the evidence against Savit and concluded that an official inquiry against the Grand Admiral was justified. Pellaeon then called for Savit to surrender his command, as well as calling on fellow Captains Lochry and Rasdel to join him. Pellaeon further placed the Harbinger under the command of Faro. Following Savit's arrest, Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin reassigned Pellaeon and the Harbinger to the Seventh Fleet, believing that he might prove useful to Thrawn's ongoing struggle against the Lothalite insurgents.[1]
The Battle of Hoth was a major naval battle that occurred in 3665 BBY, during the second decade of the Great Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the resurgent Sith Empire. A fleet of highly advanced prototype warships, including the Republic superdreadnaught Star of Coruscant, was ambushed by the Imperial Navy after Chiss agents alerted Imperial Intelligence to the fleet's existence, and the Hoth system became the site of a massive space battle that lasted for days. While the battle began along the supposedly secret route that the Republic fleet was traveling, the conflict passed through several star systems before reaching its peak above the planet Hoth. The final stages of the battle in the Hoth system destroyed over seventy-five vessels, inflicting heavy damage on both the Imperial and Republic Navies and sending ships such as the Star of Coruscant, the Conraddas Vindicator, the Vehement Sword, and the Ambria's Fury crashing to the icy surface of Hoth.
This means two things. First off, the information here is not official or definitive. Articles may be incomplete, inaccurate, or not up to date with the current state of the Star Wars canon. This means that the casual browser should not accept our articles as the final word. Though we will strive, as much as possible, to be the most accurate and complete online source for Star Wars information, we will not be as authoritative as the original sources.
A live-action television series is currently being developed by Lucasfilm. It is set to air on Disney's new online streaming service, Disney+. The series will feature Ewan McGregor reprising his role as Obi-Wan Kenobi from the Star Wars prequel trilogy. It will take place eight years after Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith.[1]
Anandra Milon was a female human from the planet Alderaan who had immigrated to the planet Coruscant by the time of her homeworld's destruction in 0 ABY. After witnessing stormtroopers beginning to arrest other Coruscant residents from Alderaan due to fear of rebel recruitment, she fled her family's apartment on Level 3204 with her brother Santigo Milon. Following several days spent fleeing the Galactic Empire, she was offered work by a Pau'an criminal on Level 1997, but she refused the work as it would require her to be separated from her brother. After being spotted by a stormtrooper on Level 1997, she fled to Level 1996, where she waited to delay the trooper while Santigo escaped. When the trooper arrived, the pair fought briefly, before a Herglic criminal arrived and killed the stormtrooper. Following the criminal's advice about finding help on Level 1782, Anandra reunited with Santigo, and the siblings made their way to 1782 where they discovered a camp of fugitives from the Empire. The fugitives provided Anandra and Santigo with food and welcomed the pair into their group.
However, Lechee informed the bounty hunter Ax Tagrin, a mercenary who worked for the highest bidder, in this case the First Order. Following a pursuit, Ax tracked Norath and his astromech droid 2BR-NTB to a house. Tagrin shot 2B-NTB and took Norath prisoner. Before his capture, Norath managed to send a distress signal on a Resistance frequency.[3]
Star Wars, Star Wars: Episode I The Phantom Menace; Star Wars: Episode II Attack of the Clones; Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith; Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope; Star Wars: Episode V The Empire Strikes Back; Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi; Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens; the Star Wars Expanded Universe; and all logos, characters, artwork, stories, information, names, and other elements associated thereto, including but not limited to the Death Star and Wookiees, are the sole and exclusive property of Lucasfilm Limited.
This template should be used on articles for subjects original to major movie releases such as the sequel trilogy or the Star Wars Anthology Series as well as their directly related material, such as novelizations. Articles about subjects not original to major movie releases but contain spoilers from them will continue to use &#123;&#123;Majorspoiler&#125;&#125;.
An ancient Sith cave located deep beneath the surface of the volcanic Outer Rim Territories planet Mustafar served as a locus for the dark side of the Force. Built by the ancient Sith as a Sith shrine to seek the secrets of eternal life, the cave resided in the course of one of the planet's lava rivers on the site of a former Sith temple in the Gahenn Plains, and was strong with dark side energies.
Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith is a 2005 film written and directed by George Lucas. It is the third and final film in the Star Wars prequel trilogy.
Under direction of the Shadow Collective, Black Sun and Pyke Syndicate participated in the large battle on Ord Mantell, defending against Separatist attackers led by Count Dooku and Grievous.[16]
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
Six months after the Battle of Hoth, Darth Vader lands in the docking bay of the incomplete second Death Star, which the Empire designed to be more powerful than the first. He is greeted by Moff Tiaan Jerjerrod, but demands construction be put back on schedule in order to complete the Death Star on time. Jerjerrod argues that they need more men, but quickly agrees to double their efforts when he learns that the Emperor is coming.
Rebels is a WookieeProject formed of a group of Wookieepedians seeking to upgrade and maintain all articles related to the animated television series Star Wars Rebels. This includes articles related to the novel A New Dawn, the comic book series Star Wars: Kanan, the Star Wars Rebels: Servants of the Empire series, episode adaptations, and all other associated literature and video games.
When the Clone Wars began in 22 BBY, the Jedi rallied to defend the Galactic Republic against the Confederacy of Independent Systems, and Kenobi became a general in the newly-formed Republic Military. Kenobi and Skywalker often served alongside each other, leading their respective clone trooper divisions, the 212th Attack Battalion, and the 501st Legion, against the Separatist Droid Army. However, in 19 BBY, Skywalker fell to the dark side of the Force due to the manipulation of Darth Sidious, embracing his new identity as the Sith Lord Darth Vader and playing a crucial role in the near-extermination of the Jedi Order. Kenobi, who was betrayed by his soldiers as a result of Order 66, confronted his fallen apprentice on Mustafar. The ensuing lightsaber duel between the former friends concluded when Vader was maimed at the hands of his one-time master, who withdrew into exile with Skywalker's newborn son.
Though Sylvar's inner peace was finally restored, it was immediately put to the test. Hoggon, who had been watching nearby, became embittered by the Cathar Jedi's sudden change of heart and mortally wounded Qel-Droma with a shot from his blaster pistol in an attempt to solidify a place for himself in the annals of galactic history. The spacer then promptly departed, after having been spared the wrath of Sylvar, whose recent redemption had kept her from killing him only moments before. Meanwhile, as Ulic Qel-Droma lay dying on a cliff, he declared Nomi's daughter Vima a fully vested Jedi. Then, much to their surprise, he faded into the Force, in the way of newly deceased Jedi Masters.
The victory over Raloch earned the Consular a promotion from the rank of Padawan, as well as the loyalty of the Trandoshan hunter Qyzen Fess, who came to regard him as the "Scorekeeper's Herald"&#8212;champion of the Scorekeeper, a Trandoshan deity. Around that time, a sickness known as the Dark Plague struck the Jedi Order, driving Jedi Masters across the galaxy insane. Learning an ancient Force ability called the shielding technique from the Noetikon devices, the newly promoted Jedi traveled from planet to planet, using the technique to sever the sick Jedi Masters from the influence of Lord Vivicar, the Sith mastermind behind the plague. Eventually, the Consular confronted the plaguemaster himself, who was possessed by the spirit of the plague's long-dead creator Terrak Morrhage. He successfully redeemed Vivicar, driving out Morrhage's spirit and restoring Vivicar's former persona of Jedi Padawan Parkanas Tark. The Consular was also recruited into the Republic Navy's elite Coruscant Aegis squadron, piloting a Defender-class light corvette under the call sign "Guardian."
K1-1R appropriated a carbon-freezing chamber inside a Nar Shaddaa gas processing center, and the bounty hunters planned to ambush the Heroes of Cularin as they journeyed through a nearby factory with Toryn. The military droid sent six G-2RD seeker droids to track the agents through the factory complex, and, after a brief fight, Trist and the seeker droids incapacitated Toryn and the agents, imprisoning them inside the carbon-freezing chamber. For twenty minutes, K1-1R, Drokka, and Trist debated what to do with Toryn, whom they had not planned to capture. At K1-1R's suggestion, the trio agreed to test the carbon-freezing facility on Toryn and recalibrate it, to make the machinery suitable for preserving living beings, then freeze the freelancers in carbonite. However, as K1-1R moved to lower Toryn into the chamber, the agents broke free and attacked the three bounty hunters. They incapacitated K1-1R, but he soon rebooted, his systems came back online, and engaged the agents in combat once more. Despite the bounty hunters' efforts, the Heroes of Cularin emerged victorious,[3] and blasterfire from the agents destroyed K1-1R and turned him into a pile of molten slag.[2]
By 34 ABY, Ryvora was a member of Team Fireball, a racing team and group of mechanics led by Jarek Yeager, along with Neeku Vozo and R1-J5 "Bucket".[3] Yeager was like a father to her[4] and had promised her the Fireball, an old racing ship if she could fix it up. The arrival of Kazuda Xiono to the Colossus changed things at the team. Xiono, who was secretly a spy for the Resistance, joined Team Fireball as his cover, and almost immediately got off on the wrong foot with Ryvora when Yeager loaned him the Fireball to fly in a race that Vozo had signed him up for. Upon seeing the ship, Xiono was not impressed, and Ryvora took his criticisms as an insult to her work. She was not pleased with the used parts Xiono acquired to repair the ship as he could not afford new ones. After Xiono crashed the Fireball due to pushing it too hard, the repair of the ship had to start all over again.[3]
Star Wars Rebels focuses on six main characters,[2] who crew the starship Ghost. They include the teenage con-artist Ezra Bridger,[18] the former Jedi Kanan Jarrus,[19] the Ghost's pilot and owner, the Twi'lek Hera Syndulla,[20] the teenage Mandalorian explosives expert Sabine Wren,[21] the Lasat "muscle" Garazeb "Zeb" Orrelios,[22][27] the astromech droid C1-10P or "Chopper."[28] The series also features a number of diverse villains,[29] including an Inquisitor.[23]
Cylo was a humanoid male doctor who cybernetically enhanced himself into an immortal system capable of assuming another body when the previous one died. A scientist who believed that evolution was only possible for the universe if organic species were upgraded with cybernetics, Cylo dedicated his research to this goal. Having gained support from the Separatist-leaning Astartes of Celanon prior to the Clone Wars, he subsequently entered the service of Galactic Emperor Sheev Palpatine after the war ended with the Republic's victory and the inauguration of the Galactic Empire. For twenty years, the doctor worked to develop cybernetically-enhanced individuals who, without the need for the Force, could potentially replace Palpatine's apprentice, Darth Vader, as enforcers for the Empire.
During the Great Galactic War between the Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic, the Pureblood Sith female Exal Kressh served in the exalted position of apprentice to the Sith Emperor. Throughout the early years of the conflict, the Emperor trained his pupil to master the dark side of the Force and sent her on missions across the galaxy to collect knowledge of Sith magic and dark side rituals. Unbeknownst to Kressh, her Master was simultaneously working to drain her of her own free will and fill her mind with his thoughts and commands,[4] intending to turn her into the first of his "Children." The Children of the Emperor were to be a group of beings brainwashed by Sith magic into becoming literal extensions of the Emperor's will[3]&#8212;at any moment he could activate them and fill them with his essence, seeing through their eyes and controlling their actions.[6] Kressh was largely unaware of the Emperor's intentions until approximately 3678 BBY, when her Master sent her on a mission to the dead world of Lenico IV. There, she discovered a tribe of Ortolans who practiced similar shamanistic rituals to indefinitely perpetuate the life of a leader.[4]
Darth Mekhis led her invasion force to the world and established her command post in a mountain fortress compound. While she oversaw the development of new weapons technology in the compound, her division of the Imperial Army was led in the field by a troop commander[3] and Colonel Rymar Quinn,[2] and was assigned to secure the planet for Mekhis's usage. Composed of assault droids, Imperial soldiers, and Sith Warriors, the invasion force was initially highly successful and managed to secure much of the planet's frozen landscape for their master's usage.[3]
Dooku, a Force-sensitive human male, was a Jedi Master that fell to the dark side of the Force and became the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Tyranus during the final years of the Galactic Republic. After leaving the Jedi Order, he claimed the title Count of Serenno and, during the Clone Wars, served as Head of State of the Confederacy of Independent Systems. He was the second apprentice of Darth Sidious, the Dark Lord of the Sith whose plan to conquer the galaxy relied on Dooku leading a pan-galactic secessionist movement against the Republic. As such, Dooku immersed himself in the dark side and worked tirelessly to advance his master's plans, but ultimately forgot that treachery was the way of the Sith.
Content approaching. Pest Control, Poe Dameron 14, Poe Dameron 23, Poe Dameron 24, Age of Resistance - Captain Phasma 1, Age of Resistance - Finn 1, Age of Resistance - General Hux 1, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Into the Unknown, Poe Dameron: Flight Log–class.
Jedi who remained on Coruscant were largely powerless to prevent the rioting and lamented seeing fear grip the people of the Republic. The chaos continued for days, until news of the Jedi efforts in the Minos Cluster began to filter back to Coruscant. Reports of their sacrifices and other acts of heroism inspired the people of the Republic, and the riots were extinguished shortly thereafter.[1]
We should be looking for ways to improve any video game articles and bring them up to date. A good place to start would be the actual video game article.
The Mandalorians were a warrior society whose beliefs were firmly ingrained with their sense of honor. Attempting to gain both territory and honor by attacking the Tetan worlds, the Mandalorian leader, Mandalore the Indomitable, led his soldiers on several raids within the boundaries of Krath space. Eventually, following the destruction of an important carbonite smelting station under Krath control, these raids managed to attract the attention of Ulic Qel-Droma. Believing that he did not have time to deal with mercenaries such as the Mandalorians, Qel-Droma contacted Mandalore and demanded that he and his armies surrender immediately. Mandalore, however, refused Qel-Droma's demands, choosing instead to challenge Qel-Droma to a one-on-one fight that would decide the fate of the seven worlds of Empress Teta. Qel-Droma agreed to Mandalore's demand for a fight, but also offered up his own terms should he win the fight&#8212;if he could defeat Mandalore, then the Mandalorian clans would pledge their allegiance to him, and thus fight under his war standards. Not wanting his honor to be tarnished, Mandalore agreed to Qel-Droma's terms.[2]
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
Content approaching. Master &amp; Apprentice, The Weapon, Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan &amp; Anakin Adventure, Hide and Seek, Kanan 7, Kanan 8, Kanan 9, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, Rise of the Separatists–class.
After Bane's death, his remains were placed in a sarcophagus in the Valley of the Dark Lords on Moraband, the ancient Sith homeworld.[1] Additionally, a colossal statue of Bane in his armor was erected at the far end of the massive burial chamber.[5] Bane was the last Sith Lord to be buried on Moraband.[1]
Acting as a spy for Valarian, J'Quille took up work as a bounty hunter for the Hutt crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure, Valarian's biggest rival on Tatooine. While living in Jabba's Palace, the Whiphid planned to poison the Hutt's food in order to kill him for his lover.[1]
Star Wars Legends articles will comprehensively cover all relevant unlicensed sources within the article body. This content must be clearly labeled with the following advisory tags:
In 4000 BBY, the Jedi Order, sworn upholders of peace and justice throughout the galaxy, were called to assist the planet Onderon, which had been suffering from a centuries-long civil conflict known as the Beast Wars. Arca Jeth, the Jedi watchman of the Onderon star system, had answered the namesake planet's call for aid by sending his three apprentices in his stead on a diplomatic mission to Iziz, the capital city of that world. As a test of their Knighthood, Ulic Qel-Droma, Cay Qel-Droma, and Tott Doneeta traveled to the distant world and met with its leader, Queen Amanoa. Before the Jedi could begin their mission of peace, however, warriors from the planet's wilderness known as Beast Riders ambushed the city's royal palace, and managed to kidnap Amanoa's daughter, Princess Galia. Bewildered by the abduction of her daughter, the Queen demanded that the Jedi leave the city, retrieve her daughter from her captors, and return her unscathed. Ulic Qel-Droma and his companions then departed straightaway for the wilds of Onderon, in search of Galia and her Beast Rider kidnappers.[1]
YVH 2-4S and another YVH-Series battle droid, YVH 2-1S, accompanied the strike team of seventeen young Jedi, including the Solo siblings Jaina, Jacen, and Anakin. Because the team's destination was behind Yuuzhan Vong lines, it had to find a way to reach Myrkr unharmed, and thus a plan was formed and implemented. Entrepreneur Lando Calrissian, the owner of Tendrando Arms, took the two war droids and the seventeen young Jedi near enemy lines in his starship, the Lady Luck, where he met up with the Yuuzhan Vong corvette analog Exquisite Death. Under the pretense of trading the Jedi on his ship for the lives of the refugees whom the invaders had captured over the planet Talfaglio, Calrissian had his crew "seize" the Jedi and bring them to Commander Duman Yaght of the Exquisite Death.[1]
Sometimes, two users get the same idea for an article, but put them on pages with different names.  When we find them, we tag them to be merged, in hopes someone will combine the two into a single, cohesive article.  You can find articles in need of merging here.  Don't forget to remove the merge tags when you're done!
In 2005,[10] George Lucas began developing a live-action TV series that would explore the criminal underworld of Star Wars.[11] Producer Rick McCallum compared it to Deadwood and The Godfather,[12][13] and hinted that it would involve bounty hunters.[14] At the 2007 Toy Fair, a poster teased upcoming Star Wars projects, with the TV series represented by a picture of Boba Fett.[15] After 50 scripts were completed, Lucas and McCallum felt that the show would be too expensive to produce with the current technology, and thus decided to put the project on hold.[16][13] In 2012, Lucas sold Lucasfilm to The Walt Disney Company.[17] Under Disney, a film centered on Boba Fett was reportedly planned to be produced as part of its Anthology Series.[18]
This page, much like Wikipedia:What Wikipedia is not and Community Central:What Fandom is not, attempts to define what is and is not proper use of this wiki.  Hopefully, this will serve to help new users understand what we are trying to do here.
Include citations to reliable sources to ensure verifiability when you add or verify content, especially with controversial issues and biographies of living people.
Content approaching. Darth Maul 2, Ahsoka, Star Wars: Darth Maul—Son of Dathomir, Han Solo - Imperial Cadet 3, Too Late to Change, The Second Chance, Last Shot, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual–class.
Though sworn enemies, Ren and the Jedi apprentice Rey formed a prophesied dyad in the Force, and therefore bound together through a unique bond. Their conflict came to a head in 35 ABY with the return of the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, who urged Ren to destroy Rey and become the new Emperor. His compassion for the former scavenger, however, as well as the death of his mother and the memory of his father, killed the persona of Kylo Ren and restored his identity as Ben Solo. After the battle on Exegol, Solo sacrificed himself to revive Rey, and the two shared a kiss before he died, ending the Skywalker bloodline.
Holshef was a human male native of the Outer Rim Territories planet Lothal. Although he had a great love for his homeworld, Holshef was disturbed by its slow ruination by the Galactic Empire. By 4 BBY, he was an old man with wispy white hair who painted and wrote poetry. His artistic expressions against the Empire's actions on Lothal resulted in an arrest warrant and forced him into hiding. He paid credits to Yahenna Laxo of the Gray Syndicate to stay safe from Imperial attention.
They became embroiled in the Galactic Civil War when Leia Organa of the Rebel Alliance entrusted them to bring a copy of the Death Star plans to the Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi on Tatooine. After meeting Skywalker's son Luke and the smuggler Han Solo, the droids helped rescue princess Leia from the Empire's Death Star. They became directly attached to the three humans, helping them and their rebellion defeat the Empire and restore freedom to the galaxy, most notably when he convinced the Ewoks to aid the Rebels at the Battle of Endor.
As the Republic fleet passed along the secret route, not far from the uninhabited Hoth system, a massive strike force from the Imperial Navy ambushed the Republic ships. This began a protracted battle that lasted for days[5] and spread over several star systems.[6] The presence of the powerful prototype ships ensured the survival of many of the Republic crew members&#8212;including Satele Shan, one of the Jedi Knights assigned to protect the fleet&#8212;but the battle claimed the lives of many on both sides and destroyed hundreds of vessels.[5] The fighting reached its peak in the Hoth system, where over seventy-five vessels were sent crashing to Hoth's surface.[6] Colonel Laren Omas, the driving force behind the Star of Coruscant project, survived most of the battle, but he was killed when his personal shuttle, the Starbreeze, was shot down over the planet.[7]
A cadre of Sith Massassi warriors accompanied Exar Kun and Mandalore the Indomitable as they burst through the doors of the Galactic Senate Hall. In the center of the Convocation Chamber was Ulic Qel-Droma, shackled and being judged by the entire Senate assembly, including the Supreme Chancellor of the Republic. Also present were Ulic's former allies: Jedi Knights Nomi Sunrider, Sylvar, and his brother, Cay Qel-Droma. In the presence of the appalled Senate, the Dark Lord freed Qel-Droma of his shackles through the Force, and in another gesture, used his Sith powers to mentally render the entire audience paralyzed, save the present Jedi and the Chancellor. Exar Kun then ascended the podium in the center of the Chamber, but was attacked by the bewildered Chancellor, whose futile attempt to defend himself caused Kun to bore his fingers into the Chancellor's cranium and hold him aloft, while mentally forcing him to repeat Kun's words as though he were a puppet. The Chancellor mimicked Kun's speech as he laid out his plans for restoring the fabled Sith Empire, even as he denounced the Republic and professed its obsolescence in his grand design. Kun then dropped the dead Chancellor in a pool of his own blood before a captivated audience, and collected the exonerated Qel-Droma, Mandalore, and his Massassi, with intentions of leaving. It was then that the Sith were yet again waylaid by the arrival of Kun's former teacher, Vodo-Siosk Baas.[2]
Vorgan's article began with a general overview of the nature of writing, and a quotation from author Voren Na'al's recent chronicle of the galaxy's history. The doctor touched briefly upon the nature of Galactic Basic Standard&#8212;its origins in what had come to be known as Old Galactic Standard as well as its implementation as a widespread trade language. Vorgan mentioned the spoken language's basis in the Human culture of Coruscant, in addition to the fact that it had seen widespread use as the official language of governments and commerce since the inception of the Galactic Republic. However, the doctor reminded the reader that the universality of Basic was offset by the fact that it was recorded in a broad array of disparate writing systems, none of which had been embraced as a "primary" system. This was in spite of the fact that there had been many vain efforts over the years to install one of the writing systems as the definitive choice for recording Basic; instead, some of the systems had found more prominent use in certain cultures and professional sectors.[1]
Away from his fighter, Darklighter ordered Jawaswag to start the X-wing's systems while he returned, even if the R2 unit had to suck the fuel synthesizer dry to do so. As stormtroopers killed colonists in the settlement's corridors and TIE Series fighters executed runs on the colony, Jawaswag and Darklighter departed the hangar in which the X-wing had been refueling to combat the attackers, but due to the fighter's fuel levels, the pair could only stay and fight for ten minutes before leaving the system. In the air over the colony, Jawaswag alerted Darklighter to the presence of a trio of TIE/IN interceptors, and the R2 droid acquired target locks upon the fighters before it started to record everything that happened at Darklighter's request. Jawaswag's pilot dispatched two of the enemy with proton torpedos, but the third TIE, which was out of control, managed to survive by flying into the chasm that housed the breached colony. After Darklighter followed the fighter into the colony and shot it down, Jawaswag and his pilot departed Halanit, as there was nothing more they could do for the colonists.[1]
The Kalibac Industries[1] MK-series maintenance droid[2] MK-09 served the Azzameen family and their trading business, Twin Suns Transport Services,[1] around 3 ABY;[4] members of the family affectionately referred to the droid as Emkay.[1] During this time, MK-09 was stationed aboard the family's YT-2000 light freighter Otana. When not aboard the Otana, the maintenance droid served on Azzameen Station monitoring shipping information, including statistics on Viraxo Industries&#8212;competitors of Twin Suns Transport Services&#8212;and maintaining the family's starships. The droid also spent time piloting craft in the family's combat simulator.[5]
Please consult this article's entry on the FAN page to see the review process and address objections. Do not remove this tag until the article's review is complete.
As Vader tracked Cylo to the Crushank Nebulae, the scientist used the opportunity to launch an attempted hijack of the Executor, a Super Star Destroyer that he and the other scientists of the Tarkin Initiative had helped build. The Emperor, who had ordered Vader to destroy Cylo following the revelation of his treachery on Shu-Torun, was present to oversee the final stages of the new flagship's construction, making Cylo's attempt an effective coup against the Empire. However, Vader overcame all the assets Cylo sent against him, eliminating both his remaining subjects before confronting Cylo and his remaining clone bodies onboard his whale-ship and using a mind trick on the creature's brain to force it into a nearby sun. As Vader made his escape, Cylo's last remaining clone body desperately tried to change the whale-ship's course, burning up along with it when they crashed into the sun.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
Content approaching. Darth Vader Annual 2, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, Thrawn: Treason, Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 2, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (novelization), Dawn of Rebellion, Age of Rebellion - Grand Moff Tarkin 1 and Star Wars: The Rebel Files, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual–class.
The Battle of Korriban was a conflict that occurred in the early days of the Great Galactic War between the reconstituted Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic, during which the Outer Rim planet Korriban fell back into the control of the Sith. Korriban was the ancestral homeworld of the Sith Empire, and had been a holy site and training ground for adherents to the Sith religion since its inception. Over one thousand years after the Sith's defeat in the Great Hyperspace War and their subsequent exile from Korriban, the dark side users returned to known space in the year 3681 BBY and launched a brutal campaign for dominance in the galaxy's Tingel Arm region. The attack prompted the Republic, which was severely under-prepared for such an assault, to rally its naval forces and send them into the Tingel Arm theater. The effort pulled defense vessels away from other planets, including Korriban, which was left without any substantive military defenses. A vigil over the world was maintained by the Jedi Order alongside a small number of Republic troopers, but that proved to be ineffective against the full force of the Sith naval fleet.
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
Thirty years after the Empire's defeat at the Battle of Endor, the smuggler Han Solo brought Rey, a scavenger from the desert planet Jakku, to Kanata's castle. Kanata took interest in the girl, and when the Skywalker lightsaber called out to Rey through the Force, the smuggler queen told the scavenger to keep the weapon. Rey refused, however, and the human fled the castle, shortly before stormtroopers of the First Order arrived looking for her. During the ensuing battle, Kanata's castle was destroyed, and Rey was taken prisoner, so Kanata entrusted the lightsaber to Finn, a former First Order stormtrooper who abandoned his previous occupation, choosing to help the Resistance.
Resistance begins six months prior to the Battle of Starkiller Base, and eventually crosses over with the events of Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens.[8] When the series began development, the creative team was unsure of the details of Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi and Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, so they had to be careful to avoid any possible continuity conflicts with those films.[9] The show was planned to last only two seasons, so as to bridge the gap between the two films.[10][11]
Approximately nineteen years after the formation of the Galactic Empire, the galaxy is in a state of civil war. The Rebel Alliance has won their first major victory by stealing plans to the Galactic Empire's secret weapon, the Death Star. Hoping that the stolen plans can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy, Princess Leia Organa, who is in custody of the stolen plans attempts to race home aboard the Tantive IV. However, her ship is intercepted by the Imperial I-class Star Destroyer Devastator over the desert planet of Tatooine.
Before its destruction, the Death Star II's superstructure was still incomplete. Large sections of the outer hull were still missing, exposing the inner decks still under construction.[5]
In the desert, Malakili was attacked by the Red Key Raiders, criminals who had risen to power in Jabba's absence, but he was rescued by Sheriff Cobb Vanth and Issa-Or, self-proclaimed law enforcers. When the two learned Malakili was a beastmaster, they offered him a job in Freetown to work with rontos and teach a Huttlet. Malakili accepted the position and felt he had regained purpose. Vanth was concerned about the growing power of the Red Key Raiders, so with Malakili's help, the sheriff formed an alliance with a group of Tusken Raiders. Later, when Freetown was attacked by Red Key thugs, the Tusken Raiders arrived to help. Eventually, Malakili was reunited with Porcellus, the former head chef of Jabba's Palace. Together, they traveled to Mos Eisley and opened the Crystal Moon Restaurant.
After years of maneuvering the galaxy into a state of war, the Clone Wars began when the newly formed Republic Military invaded Geonosis in 22 BBY. As leader of the Separatists, Dooku delegated military authority to a cadre of subordinates personally trained by himself, including General Grievous and Asajj Ventress. While Grievous was trained only in the art of lightsaber combat, Ventress was strong with the Force, affording her the opportunity to learn the ways of the dark side from Dooku. The Sith, however, remained faithful to Darth Bane's Rule of Two; and as such, Dooku was compelled to betray his disciple after Sidious became suspicious of his own apprentice's intentions. Though he sought to replace Ventress with Savage Opress and later Quinlan Vos, Dooku ultimately remained beholden to his master's will. By the third year of the war, Dooku and Grievous succeeded in abducting Chancellor Palpatine from the Republic capital of Coruscant in 19 BBY. During the ensuing Battle of Coruscant, he was confronted and defeated by the Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, who summarily executed the Count via beheading at the Chancellor's behest. In the days following Dooku's death, Palpatine revealed to the Jedi that he was, in fact, Darth Sidious, who betrayed his apprentice in order to replace him with Skywalker. With the subsequent fall of the Jedi Order, Sidious consolidated his power upon declaring himself Emperor of the Galactic Empire. As for Skywalker, he succeeded the late Darth Tyranus as Sidious' third and last apprentice, resulting in his transformation into Darth Vader.
On Wookieepedia, a spoiler is considered a spoiler up to and until one month after the official U.S. (or country of origin's) release date of the particular product. Therefore, any new information from said source must contain a spoiler tag until one month has passed since the product's release. Also, Quotes of the Day may not appear on the Main Page until at least one month after the United States release of the quote's source.
Wookieepedia contains a huge amount of information on all sorts of subjects within the official Star Wars universe ranging from individuals, locations, technology, weapons, organizations, and vehicles to everything and anything in between.  It also includes real-world articles on real-world culture and the creators who help build the saga. Try browsing the various categories now.
Kressh's previous experiences with Lenico IV and her stasis-induced dreams did confound the Emperor and prevented him from remotely entering her mind, but her former Master was ultimately able to sense that she was indeed in the Lenico system. Under the command of their sovereign, the Dark Council charged another disgraced apprentice with the duty to find and destroy Kressh&#8212;Teneb Kel, a Human male and aspiring Sith assassin. Together with his Abyssin slave Maggot, Kel searched the various space stations orbiting Lenico IV until finally arriving on Colony Blue to confront its administrator, Baron-Surgeon Ybann the Hutt. Although the Hutt was of little help in the hunt, Kel continued to search the station until happening upon the stasis chambers.[1]
First of all, don't post your nominations here. There are two separate nomination pages for quotes: Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/In-Universe and Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Other. We split it into two pages to help keep load-times down.
Star Wars: Episode V The Empire Strikes Back, marketed as simply The Empire Strikes Back, is a 1980 film directed by Irvin Kershner and written by Leigh Brackett and Lawrence Kasdan from a story by George Lucas. It is the fifth episode in the Star Wars trilogy.
Star Wars 15, Swoop Racers, Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids, From a Certain Point of View, Age of Rebellion - Han Solo 1, Star Wars Annual 4, Choose Your Destiny: A Luke &amp; Leia Adventure, Star Wars Annual 2, Star Wars Book VI: Yoda's Secret War, Star Wars: The Screaming Citadel, Star Wars 33, Star Wars Book IX: The Ashes of Jedha, Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars Book XII: The Escape, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues, An Echo of Victory, Epilogue, Star Wars 1, Star Wars: The Last Jedi – The Storms of Crait 1, The Rise of Kylo Ren 1, The Rise of Kylo Ren 2, Age of Resistance - Supreme Leader Snoke 1, The Legends of Luke Skywalker, Force Collector, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, Star Wars: The Last Jedi Adaptation, Life Lessons, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: The Dark Side, Star Wars: The Secrets of the Jedi, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
In 3 ABY, Xizor charged Guri with arranging the assassination of Luke Skywalker, hero of the Alliance to Restore the Republic and son of Xizor's rival, the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Vader. After an attempt on Skywalker's life by a Black Sun operative failed, Skywalker's sister Leia Organa sought Xizor's help in uncovering who was behind it. Xizor sent Guri to rendezvous with Organa and bring her to him on Coruscant. Skywalker later attempted to rescue Organa, infiltrating Xizor's Palace and confronting the Dark Prince. During the encounter, Guri fought with Skywalker, but was defeated by the young Jedi. However, Skywalker spared her life and Guri was able to escape the subsequent destruction of the palace.
Tobias Beckett was born on the planet Glee Anselm.[1] At some point before 10 BBY, he met the bounty hunter Aurra Sing and pushed her to her death. Sing's death was later recalled to Beckett while talking with Lando Calrissian, though Beckett claimed that he just pushed Sing and that it was the fall that killed her.[2]
In the year 3996 BBY during the Great Sith War, a duel took place in the Senate Hall of the Galactic Republic, between the Krevaaki Jedi Master Vodo-Siosk Baas and his former apprentice Exar Kun, now Dark Lord of the Sith. It commenced on Coruscant, in the Hall's Grand Convocation Chamber, during the trial of Kun's apprentice and fellow Sith Lord, Ulic Qel-Droma. Accompanied by Mandalore the Indomitable, Exar Kun arrived on Coruscant and stormed the Senate Hall, where he found Ulic Qel-Droma on trial for crimes against the Republic. Using Sith magic, the Dark Lord mentally froze the Galactic Senate assembly, leaving only the present Jedi and the Supreme Chancellor uninhibited. After freeing Qel-Droma, he then accosted and killed the Chancellor and prepared to exit; however, the Sith were halted by the arrival of Kun's former teacher&#8212;Jedi Master Vodo-Siosk Baas.
In 0 BBY,[1] Andor received intelligence that the Empire was building a superweapon with enough firepower to destroy a planet. The Alliance, in an attempt to make contact with the weapon's leading engineer, Galen Erso, decided to locate his daughter, Jyn. The rebels uncovered recent arrest files on Erso indicating that she was being held inside Imperial Detention Center &amp; Labor Camp LEG-817 on the planet Wobani under the alias "Liana Hallik." Having verified that information, General Davits Draven approved the formation of Extraction Team Bravo, a rapid-response team of marines led by Melshi.[4] The team included two other rebel troopers as well as K-2SO, a reprogrammed Imperial KX-series security droid,[2] which was recommended to Melshi by Andor.[6]
As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to escape the Galactic capital, a massive space battle erupts, into which race Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi and his former padawan, now Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, leading a mission to rescue the Chancellor. The Jedi fight through the Separatist armada. In the process, Obi-Wan's interceptor is damaged by buzz droids and his astromech, R4-P17, is destroyed. Anakin attempts to shoot the droids off, though succeeds only in blasting apart the wing of his former Master's vessel. Obi-Wan tells Anakin to hold his fire as he's not helping. Anakin agrees it was a bad idea. Obi-Wan tells Anakin to go on and rescue the Chancellor, but Anakin says he won't leave without Obi-Wan. Anakin uses one of his fighter wings to knock some of the buzz droids off Obi-Wan's fighter, but one manages to crawl onto Anakin's ship although it is quickly disabled by R2-D2. As they approach Grievous's flagship, Obi-Wan reminds Anakin their shields are still up, so Anakin breaks formation and attacks a shield generator, knocking out the shields on the docking bay of the ship. The two Jedi crash-land.
Revenge of the Sith was released in theaters on Thursday, May 19, 2005 (the same day that the first episode of the prequel trilogy The Phantom Menace was released in 1999), and premiered (out of competition) on the 2005 Cannes Festival May 15. The film was generally positively received by critics, especially in comparison to the two previous prequels. It broke several box office records in its opening week and went on to earn over US$800 million worldwide, making it one of the top-grossing movies of 2005. It is the second Star Wars film which used a high-definition digital 24 frame system for most of the movie's live-action scenes. The film was re-released in the Blu-ray format in September of 2011.
In 10 BBY, Qi'ra reunited with Solo on Vandor and accompanied him and his friends on a mission to retrieve coaxium. She recommended a ship owned by the smuggler Lando Calrissian and rekindled her relationship with Solo. After the mission was unsuccessful, she returned to Vos, whom she betrayed and killed to save Han. Despite this, however, Qi'ra left Solo behind as she traveled to Dathomir to meet with Maul, the true leader of Crimson Dawn.
During his tenure as crime lord, at some point after 13 BBY, Dryden Vos bought the Corellian Qi'ra from Sarkin Enneb, who in turn bought her from Lady Proxima, the ruthless Grindalid crime boss of the White Worms gang, who sold Qi'ra after her attempted escape from Corellia.[6] As such, Vos demanded in return her lifelong loyalty to Crimson Dawn, branding her forearm and her neck with his organization's symbol. Qi'ra became his top lieutenant. He even trained her in martial arts, including Teräs Käsi.[1] After Qi'ra became skilled in such arts,[7] she killed Enneb.[6] At some point Vos additionally made an uneasy alliance with the Pyke Syndicate.[1]
Though controversial upon release, the film has proved to be the most popular film in the series among fans and critics and is now widely regarded as one of the best sequel films of all time, as well as one of the greatest films of all time. It was re-released with changes in 1997 and on DVD in 2004. The film was re-released on Blu-ray format in September of 2011. A radio adaptation was broadcast on National Public Radio in the U.S.A. in 1983. The film was selected in 2010 to be preserved by the Library of Congress as part of its National Film Registry.
Mothma worked with Organa and other allies to plant the seeds of rebellion against the Imperial regime. Mothma left the Senate after publicly denouncing Emperor Palpatine, which was soon followed by the establishment of the Rebel Alliance. Mothma sanctioned the recruitment of Jyn Erso, who led the Rogue One squadron in stealing the Death Star plans during the Battle of Scarif. After the Battle of Yavin saw the destruction of the Death Star, Mothma led the Alliance through the Galactic Civil War. The Battle of Endor, which Mothma helped plan with the Alliance High Command, saw the death of Emperor Palpatine and left the Empire in chaos.
Jyn Erso was born on the Outer Rim ice planet of Vallt in 21 BBY during the Clone Wars to Galen Erso, a pacifist scientist working for Zerpen Industries, and Lyra Erso, Galen's wife and colleague in the company. Born within a Separatist prison due to her father's refusal to use his intelligence and knowledge of kyber crystals to help the Confederacy in their war against the Galactic Republic, Jyn spent approximately six months in the care of her mother and the caretakers of the complex. At that point, Jyn and her parents were unexpectedly ordered onto a carriage and sent to a spaceport where, to the surprise of her parents, Lieutenant Commander Orson Krennic of the Republic Navy, who Galen knew from their time in the Republic's Futures Program, was waiting to extract them and bring them to Coruscant.[1]
While Sidious had been defeated, the Empire would attempt to maintain the charade of his survival, while struggling to fill the void left by his absence. But Sidious had never intended to be replaced. Prior to his demise, he created the Contingency to seemingly destroy the Empire in the event of his death, propagating the idea that Sidious believed the Empire did not deserve to survive without its Emperor. As a consequence, the Imperial remnants were further weakened and less able to resist the New Republic during the waning days of the Galactic Civil War. Ultimately, the Empire capitulated the war after the Battle of Jakku in 5 ABY, ending the era founded by Darth Sidious. In the following years after his demise, Sidious' legacy took the shape of what ultimately became the First Order, a hermit state which seized control of the galaxy upon destroying the New Republic and led by Supreme Leader Snoke, who was also a practitioner of the dark side of the Force created by Sidious using Sith science. The reign of Snoke would untimely end with his death at the hands of Kylo Ren, his own apprentice and Skywalker's grandson, who succeeded his master as the new Supreme Leader during the war against the Resistance, desiring to let the past die along with the Jedi and the Sith.
At the Temple, Jinn was adamant that Skywalker was the Chosen One and should, therefore, be inducted into the Jedi Order. Having inspected Skywalker for themselves, however, the High Council deemed him too old, emotional, and dangerously full of fear and anger. Jinn saw their decision as a temporary setback but was forced to set aside his plans for Skywalker in order to resolve the situation on Queen Amidala's homeworld. During the Battle of Naboo, Jinn and Kenobi confronted Darth Maul together. While they initially managed to fend off the Sith Lord's attacks, master and apprentice were eventually separated during the lightsaber duel, resulting in Jinn sustaining a mortal injury. Rushing to his master's aid, Kenobi fought and ultimately defeated the Dathomirian Sith but was unable to save Jinn. With his last breath, Jinn made Kenobi promise that he would take Skywalker as his apprentice. Having secured Kenobi's word, Jinn became one with the Force, dying with the certainty that he had found the prophesied Chosen One.
While en route to Vetine, Skywalker provided Bey with an Imperial officer's uniform and explained that she would be posing as Commander Beck and using the clearance codes stolen from the Wretch of Tayron. He also explained that the mission was to retrieve something the Emperor had stolen, but Skywalker did not explain what he was hoping to retrieve. The Antarra soon arrived and transmitted its clearance codes, giving it safe passage to land outside the base. Bey posed as Commander Beck while Skywalker posed as her bodyguard, and they were greeted by Commandant Hurron. Bey claimed she, as Beck, was there to perform a surprise inspection of the base. Hurron feigned ignorance, as he knew that Bey was not Beck&#8212;unlike Bey, Beck was missing her left eye&#8212;and proceeded to escort Bey, Skywalker, and Artoo into the facility.[2]
During the final years of the Republic, the galaxy was beset by political instability and social unrest which, in turn, created a secessionist crisis that ultimately resulted in the formation of the Confederacy of Independent Systems. Lacking the sufficient manpower needed to protect the galaxy, the Jedi became commanders and generals in the newly-formed Grand Army of the Republic. For roughly three years they commanded armies of clone troopers in a conflict known as the Clone Wars, engaging the Confederacy's battle droid forces led by Count Dooku&#8212;a former Jedi Master who became a Sith Lord&#8212;and the cybernetic warlord General Grievous. Though the Jedi fought to preserve the Republic, the government they served was secretly taken over by Sidious who, as Senator Sheev Palpatine of Naboo, rose to power in the Senate and became the last Supreme Chancellor of the Republic.
However, the droid had a flaw where it became aggressive and irritable during negotiations it was losing, and sometimes the droid deployed its blaster without warning. The Empire exploited the flaw and used the droid for security and as a probe droid. During the Galactic Civil War, which was fought between the Empire and the Alliance to Restore the Republic, Moff Jander Graffe used two Chiba DR-10 droids while on the planet Esseles.
As the war drew to a close, Windu became increasingly suspicious of the chancellor's motives, as Palpatine had amassed near-dictatorial control over the Galactic Senate, and sensed the rising power of the dark side in the galaxy. His suspicions were confirmed when Anakin Skywalker, a Jedi Knight and the Chosen One of ancient prophecy, discovered that Palpatine was Darth Sidious, the Dark Lord of the Sith who manipulated the Republic and the Separatist Alliance into war. Windu, along with Jedi Masters Kit Fisto, Agen Kolar, and Saesee Tiin, confronted Palpatine with the intention of arresting him. Instead, the Dark Lord attacked them, striking them down one by one until only Windu was left. Windu bested Palpatine in the confrontation and&#8212;deciding the chancellor was too dangerous to be left alive due to his influence over the government&#8212;prepared to strike him down, but the intervention of Anakin Skywalker, who saved the chancellor's life, led to Windu's death. As a result, Skywalker fell to the temptation of the dark side and was renamed Darth Vader.
The Last Jedi begins immediately after the events of Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens, set thirty years after the conclusion of the original Star Wars trilogy. It continues the story of Rey and her discovery of the exiled Jedi Master Luke Skywalker, along with the story of the war between General Leia Organa's Resistance and the First Order.
Please note that for the remainder of this policy page, the lowercase term "canon" refers generally to official Star Wars information from either Canon or Star Wars Legends source material, while the capitalized term "Canon" refers to the official Lucasfilm canon continuity.
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
The Star Map was a type of holographic image-based database that was stored inside a free-standing structure supported by three legs. Even though the Map itself was free-standing, it could be connected to another device, such as a computer terminal. Extending from the base were three "arms" engraved with runes; when the Map was activated, these armatures unfolded. As the arms locked into place, the base of the structure opened, allowing a projector orb to be released; the orb would then ascend from inside the base and project a holographic image of the galaxy. This image marked important locations within the Infinite Empire, highlighted to show the true extent of Rakatan influence and dominance.[1]
The Clone Wars is a WookieeProject formed of a group of Wookieepedians seeking to upgrade and maintain all articles related to the 2008&#8211;2014 Star Wars: The Clone Wars television series, including articles related to the feature film, webcomics, monthly comic series, novel series, and graphic novellas. This also includes video and platform games, such as the mobile game, Jedi Alliance, Lightsaber Duels, Republic Heroes, and Clone Wars Adventures, which were considered canon within the Star Wars Legends continuity.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
WookieeProject Video Games is the combined efforts of all Wookieepedians willing to write, edit, or contribute in any way to articles pertaining to Star Wars computer or video games. We hope that you will join us in our quest to work on articles about video games! You may find the video game section on StarWars.com very helpful in your work. Since so many things are seen in Star Wars video games, we will be mainly working on articles about the video games themselves and things that originated and/or had a major role in a video game. (For example, even though Luke Skywalker plays a rather large role in Star Wars: Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast, he did not originate in that game, nor is the majority of the things about Luke Skywalker told in that game.) If you wish to join this Project, please sign your name below in the "Participants" section.
Dooku: Jedi Lost, Darth Maul 1, Darth Maul 2, Darth Maul 5, Age of Republic - Darth Maul 1, Queen's Shadow, Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1, Dark Disciple, Star Wars: Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith, Thrawn: Alliances, Thrawn: Treason, Palpatine,  Doctor Aphra 13, Star Wars 37, Star Wars 55, Doctor Aphra 36, Age of Resistance - General Hux 1, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: On the Front Lines, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
The Force as a recorded concept existed for well over twenty-five thousand years. There were multiple aspects of the Force. The Living Force was fueled by the energies of all lifeforms and, in turn, fed into the Cosmic Force&#8212;the Force that bound everything together and communicated through the midi-chlorians. A certain aspect of the Force was referred to as stonepower; its power was derived from a blue stone imbued with the Living Force. Stonepower allowed people that weren't Force-sensitive to wield the Force. The Jedi Order followed a code of selflessness and service to others; therefore, they adhered to the light side of the Force. Their adversaries, the Sith, coveted strength and power through the dark side of the Force. Their opposing philosophies led to millennia of conflict between the two orders, and ultimately resulted in the extinction of the Sith and the near annihilation of the Jedi.
The Star Wars story has been presented in a series of American films, which have spawned a large quantity of books and other media, which have formed the Expanded Universe. The Star Wars mythos is also the basis of many toys and games of varying types. The films and novels employ common science-fiction motifs.
In the wake of Vader's failure to stop the Rebel Alliance victories at Yavin 4 and Cymoon 1, the Emperor approved Cylo's plans to test his apprentice. Intrigued by his Master's mysterious new agent, Vader hired bounty hunter Black Krrsantan to track him down and discover the nature of his work for the Emperor. Captured and interrogated by Vader's agents, Cylo revealed the location of his research base before his fourth body died as a result of torture droid 0-0-0's lethal interrogation techniques. With the death of this body, Cylo-V was activated. Shortly after he awoke, Vader launched an assault on his base in order to eliminate the potential competition for his place as the Emperor's enforcer. Cylo broke off the fight between Vader and two of his enhanced subjects, Morit and Aiolin Astarte, and revealed his plans to the Sith Lord. The Emperor soon arrived, demanding a test of Cylo's subjects. Sufficiently impressed, Palpatine declared that he would have missions for all of them but that only one would win his favor and a place at his side.
During Amanoa's procession, a massive groundborer emerged from underground, revealing an army of darksiders led by the Dark Jedi Warb Null. The army managed to retake the coffins and retreated with them on their war machine into the subterranean levels of the city of Iziz, where it was suspected that Amanoa's husband, the sorcerer King Ommin, resided. Arca Jeth, Jedi Knight Ulic Qel-Droma, and Amanoa's daughter, Galia, followed the borer into the tunnels and discovered that Ommin, who had been previously thought to be dead by the general populace of Onderon, was indeed alive, and in league with the spirit of Freedon Nadd.
The Chiba DR-10 protocol droid was a small, spherical third-degree droid, which was equipped with repulsorlifts to hover over the ground. The droid was armed with a small, hidden blaster, an unusual feature for a protocol droid. The weapon could be deployed quickly from a hidden compartment on the droid's underside[2] and had about the same range and power as a blaster pistol.[1] Due to the droid's small size and repulsorlifts, it was quite agile, but it was unable to lift much weight.[2] The droid had a small probe that it could use to manipulate objects.[1]
"Finn" was the nickname of FN-2187 ("Eight-Seven"), a Force-sensitive human male stormtrooper who served the First Order until his desertion and subsequent defection to the Resistance during the First Order–Resistance war. Though trained since birth to be a loyal and obedient soldier, FN-2187's conscience conflicted with the methods of the First Order. For a time he was unwilling to support the Resistance, hoping to escape the galactic conflict instead of fighting for a cause he believed was doomed to fail. As the galaxy became consumed by war, the renegade trooper was ultimately forced to decide where his true loyalties lay.
These are articles that may have their FA status removed by the Inquisitorius if not brought back up to quality. Please see what you can do to help the articles maintain their current status.
Under Lando:Arakyd Tomral RM-76 heavy laser cannons (2)[7]Later:CEC AG-2G quad laser cannons (2)[1]Arakyd ST2 concussion missile tubes (2) (carrying 8 missiles)[1]Arakyd ST2 concussion missiles[2]Dymek concussion missiles[2]BlasTech Ax-108 "Ground Buzzer" blaster cannon (1)[1]Phylon C5 tractor beam emitters (2)[2]
Tobias Beckett was a human male professional thief and gunslinger who worked for the Crimson Dawn crime syndicate during the era of the Galactic Empire. A native of Glee Anselm, Beckett organized a crew to help with his heist missions. Although he became a mentor to Han Solo, a young mudtrooper who joined Beckett's group, Beckett was a survivor who quietly worked out angles that enabled him to come out ahead. He made use of many blasters, including the RSKF-44 heavy blaster and DG-29 heavy blaster pistol. He also owned a DL-44 heavy blaster pistol before he gave it to Solo.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
Rose Tico was a female human who served in the Resistance as a maintenance worker during their conflict with the First Order, whom Tico had hated since she was a child. Tico's older sister, Paige, was a gunner in the Resistance.
CT: Forum:CT Archive/Wookieepedia and the Licensed Insider Video Proposal: Time to Vote! &#8211; Vote 1: Oppose using videos; Vote 2: Potentially use videos on a case-by-case basis; Vote 3: No consensus; Vote 4: Potential user upload account for videos will be available to sysops only. Toprawa and Ralltiir (talk) 01:47, February 7, 2013 (UTC)
The Quote of the Day nomination page is the proving ground that all potential quotes must go through before appearing on the front page of Wookieepedia.
In 3998 BBY, the Museum of Dark Side Antiquities on Coruscant organized a presentation for display to the public entitled The Dark Lords of the Sith. Located within the Museum's Sith Hall, the exhibit was dedicated exclusively to the history of the ancient Sith Empire and its rulers, the Dark Lords of the eponymous Sith species.
Aeos Prime was home to the krakavora,[1] a species of aquatic creature that could fly using webbed wings, which the Aeosians often used as transportation.[4] The atmosphere of Aeos Prime was breathable to a number of species, including the native Aeosians and humans.[1]
Ten years before the Battle of Yavin, the scoundrel Tobias Beckett became indebted to Vos, promising him a good amount of coaxium as payment.[1] Prior to his indebtedness, Beckett killed the bounty hunter Aurra Sing under Vos' orders, something which pleased Vos enough to give Beckett a bonus.[6] Beckett and his crew attempted to steal a container full of coaxium that belonged to the Empire from a conveyex transport. Unfortunately for Beckett, the heist ultimately failed due to the intervention of Enfys Nest and her swoop pirate gang, the Cloud-Riders, costing him the cargo and two of his teammates, his lover Val and the Ardennian pilot Rio Durant. However, his recruit, the young Han Solo, insisted that he meet Vos to talk with him about what had happened.
See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
The film stars Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Anthony Daniels, Naomi Ackie, Domhnall Gleeson, Richard E. Grant, Lupita Nyong'o, Keri Russell, Joonas Suotamo, Kelly Marie Tran, with Ian McDiarmid and Billy Dee Williams. Fisher, who passed away in 2016 prior to the film's production, appeared via unused footage from The Force Awakens. The film was first announced after The Walt Disney Company acquired Lucasfilm Ltd. in 2012. Colin Trevorrow was initially announced as the director and writer of the film, but he and Lucasfilm parted ways in September 2017, with Lucasfilm citing "creative differences" over the project. On September 12, 2017, Abrams and Terrio were announced as the new director and writers.
Star Wars is a science-fiction franchise comprising movies, books, comics, video games, toys, and animated shows. It is a fictional universe created by George Lucas. The Star Wars story employs archetypal motifs common to science fiction, political climax and classical mythology, as well as musical motifs of those aspects.
The Knights hailed from the Unknown Regions of the galaxy, where local folklore warned for centuries of marauders known as the Knights of Ren. The modern Knights were Supreme Leader Snoke's gift to his apprentice Kylo, who was promised powerful followers if he proved worthy to lead them. As such, Kylo became the archetype of a new generation of dark side users that emerged to fill the void left by the Sith's demise. During the First Order's war against the Resistance, the Knights served as Supreme Leader Kylo Ren's personal bodyguards but were also tasked with hunting Rey, the last Jedi who shared a connection with their master. After Kylo renounced the dark side, the Knights regrouped on the planet Exegol where they were slain in battle by their former leader, the redeemed Jedi Ben Solo.
With his powers growing stronger, Bridger took on more leadership roles in the rebellion, including helping Captain CT-7567 "Rex" and a surviving battalion of Separatist Alliance battle droids make peace and bring a sense of closure to the unresolved Clone Wars. Bridger also came into conflict with Grand Admiral Thrawn, helped fellow crewmate Sabine Wren in her quest to reunite the Mandalorian people, and sought to find Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi, whom Bridger believed was key to destroying the Sith.
The modern Republic emerged a thousand years before the advent of the Clone Wars in 22 BBY. A new era of peace dawned across the galaxy in the aftermath of the last war between the ancient Sith Lords and Jedi Knights, sweeping away centuries of darkness lumped into a collective whole known as the "Old Republic" and ultimately forgotten when history began anew. At the height of its power, art and commerce flourished across the Republic while isolated conflicts remained few and far between, the result of the Jedi Order's mandate as guardians of peace and justice. Using propaganda to cultivate a sense of civic duty and manifest destiny, the Republic embraced a policy of expansion, determined to see its banner spread from the Core Worlds to the Outer Rim Territories. During the Fall of the Republic, which began with the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY, its principles had been eroded by corrupt politics and the apathy of an aimless generation. At the same time, a growing number of disaffected citizens came to view the Republic as distant, dispassionate, and not worth the membership. Manipulated by the Sith, the newly-formed Confederacy of Independent Systems went to war with the Republic, pitting the Separatist Droid Army against the Jedi-led Grand Army of the Republic.
Two weeks is provided as a minimum time frame for thread length, though a thread should only be closed if it is clear that a consensus has been reached, or if no consensus has been reached and the thread has not been edited by a vote-eligible Wookieepedian in five days after at least two weeks of being active. Also, for threads closed by section (some of the MOS ones, for example), each section would have to be dormant for five days after a minimum of two weeks in order to be closed, not necessarily the entire forum. If that makes sense. These length guidelines do not apply to CSD threads. This lack of activity and consensus is an indication that a community agreement is not forthcoming. Should a thread be closed, it is the responsibility of the administration to properly address the result of the thread and apply it to the site and its policies as need be.
Obi-Wan Kenobi was a Force-sensitive human male and a legendary Jedi Master and member of the Jedi High Council during the Fall of the Republic. During the Age of the Empire, he went by the alias of Ben Kenobi in order to hide from the regime that drove the Jedi to near extinction in the aftermath of the Clone Wars. A nobleman known for his skills with the Force, Kenobi trained Anakin Skywalker as his Padawan, served as a Jedi General in the Grand Army of the Republic, and became a mentor to Luke Skywalker prior to his death in 0 BBY.
About eleven years later, soldiers from the Thaereian military, an armed force that was active in the Cularin system, invaded Uffel and occupied a production line in X2-4. The threat of the Thaereians led to the activation of protocol within the programming of half of the Uffel droids, which caused them to become hostile to organic beings. HG-211 became the leader of a faction of loyalist droids that opposed the anti-organic droids, and he enlisted the help of the Heroes of Cularin to repulse the Thaereian invaders and to resolve the droid schism.
In 3643 BBY,[4] near the end of the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire, the native Flesh Raiders of the Jedi Order's adopted homeworld of Tython began attacking other groups on the world in great numbers. Thanks to the actions of Jedi Master Orgus Din and his new apprentice, the Order discovered that Din's former Padawan, Bengel Morr, was the mastermind behind the Flesh Raiders' invasion. The Nautolan Morr had been present in the Jedi Temple on Coruscant during the Sacking of the capital planet by the Sith over ten years earlier. Morr was able to escape the devastation, fleeing into the ruins of the Temple and going into hiding,[5] but his gentle personality was destroyed.[3] Over the next decade or so, while the Jedi retreated to Tython and built a new Jedi Temple, Morr recruited a Human apprentice named Callef and plotted to destroy the Jedi Order. Viewing the Order as weak and hypocritical, Morr wanted to rebuild it into something strong enough to destroy the Sith. Using the Flesh Raiders as soldiers and training some of them in the ways of the Force, Morr urged the natives to become increasingly aggressive and strike more boldly at the Jedi, as well as the Pilgrims, who had also emigrated to the planet.[6] However, Morr's plans were disrupted when Callef, at his master's directive, led a Flesh Raider invasion force against a Jedi base in the area known as the Tythonian Gnarls. Instead of a successful strike against a relatively unprotected outpost, Callef was killed by a recently arrived Padawan and the Flesh Raider force turned back by a team of Jedi.[7]
Trouble Again, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars Book II: Showdown on the Smuggler's Moon, Star Wars: Vader Down, Star Wars Book IV: Rebel Jail, Star Wars Book V: The Last Flight of the Harbinger, Star Wars 36, Star Wars 37, Star Wars Book IX: The Ashes of Jedha, Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars Book XII: The Escape, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues, A Matter Of Perception, Moving Target: A Princess Leia Adventure, Hare-Brained Heist, Star Wars: Poe Dameron, Force Collector, Star Wars: The Force Awakens (novelization), &#160;""&#8212;Star Wars Adventures Ashcan, Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, Resistance Reborn, Allegiance 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 2, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
The secret mission to Geonosis was carried out by the Sith Lord Darth Vader not long after the Battle of Yavin. Having fallen out of favor with Emperor Palpatine, Vader had recruited the rogue archaeologist Doctor Chelli Aphra and the assassin droids BT-1 and 0-0-0 to assist him in building an army of unquestionably loyal battle droids. Vader soon arrived on the planet Geonosis and his team infiltrated the lair of Karina, a Geonosian queen who had utilized a droid factory to produce battle droids as her "children" after she was injured and left unable to produce offspring during the sterilization of Geonosis. While BT-1 fired on the queen's B1 battle droids, Vader and Aphra severed the queen from her factory, and Aphra used her starship, the Ark Angel, to blow a large hole in the roof of the lair so that Vader's own starship could then extract both the factory and Vader's team with a large crane. The captured droid factory began producing BX-series droid commandos for Vader, which he used to assault the research base of a rival Imperial operative named Cylo.
Most importantly, add the following code after the "Appearances" and "Sources" sections, but before the "See also" and "External links" sections. This code will automatically display the reference list, showing nearly everything tagged with ref tags.
In the years that followed, during the rule of the Galactic Empire, Chewbacca became a smuggler and the co-pilot of Captain Han Solo aboard the Millennium Falcon. They worked in the employ of crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure until Solo was forced to dump a shipment of spice to avoid trouble with the Empire, at which point a bounty was placed on their heads. Soon thereafter, Chewbacca and Solo were hired by Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi to ferry him, Luke Skywalker, C-3PO, and R2-D2 to Alderaan on a mission vital to the survival of the Alliance to Restore the Republic. After finding Alderaan was destroyed, the group was brought aboard the Death Star, where they helped Princess Leia Organa escape from captivity and return to the Rebel base on Yavin 4. Though Chewbacca and Solo initially chose to leave Yavin 4 and not join the Rebellion, they ended up fighting in the Battle of Yavin and were instrumental in Skywalker's destruction of the Death Star, a major victory for the Rebellion.
Board the Millennium Falcon and journey to a galaxy far, far away in Solo: A Star Wars Story, an all-new adventure with the most beloved scoundrel in the galaxy. Through a series of daring escapades deep within a dark and dangerous criminal underworld, Han Solo meets his mighty future copilot Chewbacca and encounters the notorious gambler Lando Calrissian, in a journey that will set the course of one of the Star Wars saga's most unlikely heroes.[15]
K1-1R was a military droid with a masculine persona who operated during the waning years of the Galactic Republic. While at one point he served a master, he later became independent and forged a career as a successful bounty hunter. During the Clone Wars, K1-1R joined forces with fellow bounty hunters Drokka and Shiana Trist to attempt to claim a large bounty that had been placed on the Heroes of Cularin, a group of freelance agents from the Cularin system. Trist and some droid drones controlled by K1-1R captured the agents inside a factory on the moon Nar Shaddaa, and the three hunters subsequently planned to freeze their captives in carbonite. However, when the agents broke free and attacked the bounty hunters, K1-1R was destroyed by blasterfire during the ensuing firefight.
Commanded by Jedi Knight Satele Shan, the Republic defense group engaged the Imperial Army on Rhen Var and carved a path toward Darth Mekhis's command center. Although the ranks of the Republic Army suffered enormous losses in the battle, Shan and fellow Knights Syo Bakarn, Jaric Kaedan, and Bela Kiwiiks rallied their forces and continued their advance. After an extensive skirmish in the frosted forests of Rhen Var, Shan herself stormed Mekhis's compound and engaged the Dark Lord, grievously wounding the Sith during their duel and claiming victory for the Republic. The Republic's losses during the battle were immense, but the triumph on Rhen Var halted the Empire's advance and briefly turned the tide of the Great Galactic War.
The Force Awakens was released on December 17, 2015 in the United Kingdom, Mexico, Latin America, and Asian countries; December 18, 2015 in North America; and January 9, 2016 in China. Some North American theaters offered special limited advance showings on the evening of December 17th rather than the traditional midnight showing. The film received widespread critical praise upon its release and was a massive box office success, becoming the highest grossing film of all time in North America when not adjusted for inflation. Worldwide, the film was the third highest-grossing film of all time at the time of its release (behind Avatar and Titanic). It is currently the fourth highest-grossing film of all time (behind Avengers: Endgame, Avatar and Titanic).
Prior to the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY,[4] Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas commissioned Kaminoan scientists to create clone troopers to form the Grand Army of the Republic.[2] TX-828 was one of the final clones to be bred on the planet Kamino, and at some point during his service[1] in the clone army,[3] he gained the nickname "Torrent."[1] In 19 BBY, the Galactic Republic was reorganized into the Galactic Empire,[4] and due to the accelerated aging of clone troopers and his late production, TX-828 became one of the last few in service.[1]
After using air strikes to quash native resistance, the Sith Lords occupied the capital as a headquarters while they waited to be resupplied. The situation quickly turned to crisis for the Imperials: as they ran low on war matériel, the Republic retaliated by sending a sizable fleet of corvettes and cruisers to retake the system and uproot the entrenched Imperial ground forces. Although Malgus attempted to take command of the situation in space, he quickly lost most of his fleet, and the battle became untenable. After one of the Empire's damaged Harrower-class dreadnaughts fell to the surface of Ord Radama and obliterated Livien Magnus and all of the Imperial forces stationed within&#8212;including Darth Venemal&#8212;Lord Malgus was forced to retreat from the planet aboard the dreadnaught Lindworm.
Leia Organa, a Force-sensitive human female, was an Alderaanian politician and military general whose career spanned several decades, from the reign of the Galactic Empire to the rise of the New Republic. Born under the name Leia Amidala Skywalker, she was the daughter of Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker and Senator Padmé Amidala of Naboo. Through her adoptive parents, Senator Bail Organa and Queen Breha, she gained the title of princess of Alderaan. Noted for her fearlessness in battle and dedication to freedom, Organa was considered one of the greatest leaders in the Alliance to Restore the Republic.
With the Sith extinct, the Empire fractured into several remnant factions that were dominated by Moffs, admirals and generals, many of whom ignored Grand Vizier Mas Amedda's authority as the de jure Imperial successor. In this fractured state, Imperial holdouts were referred to as Imperial remnants. The largest remnant was publicly led by Grand Admiral Rae Sloane and covertly ruled by Fleet Admiral Gallius Rax and his Shadow Council. Ultimately, Rax seized control over the largest faction of the Imperial Navy after removing Sloane from power; and therefore, became Emperor-in-effect through his new position as Counselor to the Empire. Under Rax's rule, the Empire made its final stand at the Battle of Jakku in 5 ABY, ultimately losing to the New Republic. While several remnants continued to resist, the Empire formally capitulated to the New Republic with the signing of the Galactic Concordance.
The opening crawl of each film in the Skywalker saga follows the same format. The introduction and crawl begins with the blue text "A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away....," which is then immediately followed by the Star Wars logo and the slanted, yellow-text-on-starfield summaries of immediately preceding off-screen action. While the typefaces vary slightly, these all follow the same overall general format. These crawls were inspired by the Flash Gordon serials from George Lucas' childhood.
The Empire stood virtually unchallenged until numerous insurgent cells united to form the Alliance to Restore the Republic in 2 BBY. The Galactic Civil War ensued with the theft of the Death Star plans on Scarif which, in turn, led to the destruction of the Empire's superweapon at the Battle of Yavin in 0 BBY. The following years saw initial Alliance successes until a major Imperial victory on Hoth in 3 ABY, only to suffer a devastating defeat a year later at the Battle of Endor. During the battle, Emperor Palpatine was slain at the hands of his apprentice Darth Vader, who also died shortly after turning against his master.
Content approaching. Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition, Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious–class.
Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope, originally released as Star Wars, and currently marketed as simply Star Wars: A New Hope[3] is a 1977 film written and directed by George Lucas. It is the first film in the Star Wars original trilogy.
For over a thousand years, the galaxy had been governed by both the Old Republic[16] and the Galactic Republic. Centered on the capital world of Coruscant, the Old Republic fell[17] and was replaced by the Galactic Republic which was ruled by the Galactic Senate, which in turn was led by an elected Supreme Chancellor. With the assistance of the Jedi Order, a peaceful religious order of Force wielders, who possessed seemingly supernatural power through connection with the Cosmic and Living Force, the "second" reincarnation of the Republic enjoyed a millennia of peace and prosperity. However, as time went on, the government of the Republic became bloated and corrupt. The Senate, filled with self-serving politicians, was unable to deal effectively with disputes that arose between the member worlds of the Republic. With growing protest from the Outer Systems over one-sided trade deals and centuries of economic exploitation, about ten years before the eruption of the Clone Wars, a dispute over plasma exports and the taxation of Free Trade Zones in the galaxy caused the Trade Federation to invade the planet Naboo. Although the Jedi, with the assistance of the Naboo people and the Gungans, were able to end the occupation, then senator of Naboo Sheev Palpatine, secretly the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Sidious,&#8212;part of the Sith Order and thus the ancient enemy of the Jedi Order&#8212;took advantage of the conflict which he had secretly organized leading to his successful election as Supreme Chancellor in his bid to restore the Sith Empire. Palpatine then manipulated the rise of a Secessionist Movement during which worlds who had become disaffected with the Republic seceded to form the Confederacy of Independent Systems. The discovery by the Jedi of the Separatist Droid Army, as well as a clone army commissioned for the Republic in secret by Palpatine, was to start the Battle of Geonosis&#8212;the first major war in a thousand years, the Clone Wars. For three years the galaxy fell into chaos, and for three years Palpatine amassed more emergency powers to the Office of the Chancellor, and made changes to the Galactic Constitution.[18][19][20][21]
Although he soon became well-known on the station, Switch was able to keep the location of his headquarters secret from most of the inhabitants of Sel Zonn Station, because V14 was quarantined due to some exhaust conduits that passed through the bay. To further ensure that Switch's use of V14 remained secret, the droid had his majordomo bring monthly bribes to the station's manager, to ensure that the bay remained off-limits. He allowed the bay to fall into disrepair and had an expensive japor ivory wood desk placed in the center of the room from which he conducted his business. The protocol droid soon gained a rival in the form of Ganga Lor, a Chevin crime lord who had arrived on the station at about the same time as him. Switch also had some dealings with the Human Doctor Byra Fenn, the operator of the pharmaceutical supplier Delgas Medical Supplies, and she owed him some favors as a result.[1]
Catch, originally known as Jawaswag, was an R2-series astromech droid produced by Industrial Automaton and used by Rogue Squadron pilot Gavin Darklighter to aid in the use of his X-wing starfighter. During the Bacta War in 7 ABY, Jawaswag and Darklighter escaped from an assault by the Imperial Victory II-class Star Destroyer Corrupter, before briefly going up against Imperial forces on the planet Halanit when the colony they were refueling at was attacked. Darklighter later renamed Jawaswag to Toughcatch after the droid held off a group of Jawas trying to steal him, although the name was later shortened to Catch for ease of use.
Some time after the attack, the space station Colossus attempted to find refuge on Aeos Prime, but the Aeosians initially did not welcome them. The Aeosians eventually allowed the Colossus and its inhabitants to stay on the planet, but they were discovered by the First Order, who returned to Aeos to attack the Colossus. With the help of the Aeosians, the space station managed to escape into hyperspace. The First Order later destroyed the Aeosian settlement that assisted the Resistance in an orbital bombardment that left the surrounding area devastated.
Use &#123;&#123;App&#125;&#125; for the list of characters, creatures, etc. under the "Appearances" heading. If an official "Dramatis Personae" is provided, substitute |dramatis personae= and |other characters= for the current |characters= parameter. For additional subsections such as "Languages", use '''bold-formatted headers''' under |miscellanea=. Star Wars material that is considered part of both the Legends continuity and the new Star Wars canon should divide its use of the &#123;&#123;App&#125;&#125; template. Each subsection of the template should use the two alternate parameters&#8212;"c-characters" and "l-characters" for the Characters field&#8212;to list the canon and Legends appearances. See the usage notes on Template:App for more information.
Wilhuff Tarkin was born on the planet Eriadu into the wealthy Tarkin family. He lived with his family in the family compound, where the Tarkins had lived for over a millennium. Wilhuff's father and mother taught him that Eriadu hadn't always been the safe environment that it seemed&#8212;the entire planet had once been an untamed wilderness. The jungle and predators had been more of a threat than pirates and marauders. The early Tarkins had helped settle Eriadu; they had been their own police force. Later a militia had been formed&#8212;under Tarkin leadership. Wilhuff took these history lessons to heart. Wilhuff's parents made sure that he knew that respect, discipline and obedience were of the utmost importance. Because of this Wilhuff thought of himself as a product of a military upbringing. One night while at supper Tarkin's father ordered a servant to take Wilhuff's plate before he could eat&#8212;teaching him how easy it is to lose something.[1]
When the starship Sand Sloth crashed into the scrapyard, Proto One was happy to fix it for its owner, a Human named Kea Moll. After completing the repairs, he discovered that Moll's own droids, C-3PO and R2-D2, had unwittingly befriended BL-17, a treacherous droid who belonged to the Mandalorian bounty hunter Boba Fett. Proto One helped thwart BL-17's plan to capture Moll and her friends, and when the nefarious criminals of the Fromm Gang afterward attempted to seize them, the Proto Droid fired a blaster at the gangsters and scared them off.
However, the First Order soon discovered the Colossus' location after Kazuda Xiono encountered a First Order probe droid while trying to rejoin the Resistance. First Order forces under Commander Pyre attacked the Colossus, seeking to destroy the station. Following a dogfight, the refueling platform managed to escape into hyperspace. Due to her actions during the battle, First Order TIE Fighter Pilot cadet Tamara Ryvora was promoted to Second Squadron Commander.
Star Wars Battlefront II, So Much More, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, The Right Wrong Turn, Forces of Destiny: The Leia Chronicles, Swoop Racers, Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars Annual 2,  Star Wars: The Screaming Citadel, Star Wars Annual 3, Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars Book XII: The Escape, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues, A Matter Of Perception, An Echo of Victory, Epilogue, Star Wars 1, Princess Leia: Royal Rebel, Hare-Brained Heist, Last Shot, The Rise of Kylo Ren 1, Age of Resistance - Rose Tico 1, Phasma, Poe Dameron 14, Poe Dameron: Legend Found, Star Wars: Poe Dameron Book VII: The Awakening, Robot Resistance, Station Theta Black, All Aces Battle Royale, Age of Resistance - Rey 1, The Last Jedi: Cobalt Squadron, Rose Knows, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, The Last Jedi Adaptation 1, Resistance Reborn, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Allegiance 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy, The Last Jedi: Bomber Command, Dawn of Rebellion, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: The Visual Dictionary, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide
Content approaching. Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith 2, Trials of the Darksaber, Doctor Aphra (2016) 2, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy, Star Wars: Complete Locations, Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Rise of the Separatists, Collapse of the Republic, Unlimited Power, Knights of Fate, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker–class.
After the Colossus escaped into space, Synara and her fellow Warbirds helped the Colossus residents on a few salvaging and hunting expeditions. She helped to foil the First Order agent Nenavakasa Nalor's plot to exploit tensions between Doza and the pirates and to capture the Colossus. Synara also helped Kaz and Jarek Yeager to rescue Resistance agent Norath Kev. When Kragan plotted a mutiny on the Colossus, Synara sided with Kaz and the Colossus residents and helped to defeat the mutiny.
During the First Order–Resistance war, the Resistance spy Norath Kev undertook a mission to track First Order black market activities at Vargo Spaceport on the planet Varkana. He also compiled a list of local First Order informants including the Gran vendor Lechee.[3]
The New Republic (4 ABY&#8211;34 ABY), also known as simply the Republic, was a democratic galactic government composed of various member worlds spread across the galaxy. It was the restoration of the Galactic Republic, a democratic state that had governed the galaxy for a millennium until the rise of the Galactic Empire at the end of the Clone Wars. Instead of affixing its capital to Coruscant, the galaxy's historical seat of government, each member world would have the chance to host the newly-restored Galactic Senate on a rotating basis. The New Republic's first capital was Chandrila; a planet located in the Core Worlds like Coruscant, it was also the homeworld of Chancellor Mon Mothma, the new government's first head of state. Approximately three decades after the formation of the Republic, the cosmopolitan world of Hosnian Prime was serving as the Senate's headquarters.
The community does look to administrators to perform essential housekeeping chores that require the extra access administrators are entrusted with. Among them are watching the Trash compactor debates and carrying out the consensus of the community on keeping or deleting these articles, keeping an eye on new and changed articles to swiftly delete obvious vandalism, and meeting user requests for help that require administrative access. Since administrators are expected to be experienced members of the community, users seeking help will often turn to an administrator for advice and information.
In his youth, Holshef's first job was as an apprentice sap collector, gathering sap to make greel-wood syrup from the trees of the Far Hiradne region of Lothal. He also spent time in his youth at the reliquary of a saint. When the Empire first annexed Lothal[1] in approximately 19 BBY,[4] Holshef and his family threw a party because they felt the Empire could unify the galaxy in a better way than the Republic ever could.[1]
During the Galactic Civil War, and twenty days after the Battle of Endor,[4] the Rebel Alliance special forces team known as the Pathfinders launched a raid on an Imperial Security Bureau black site at the Wretch of Tayron in the Outer Rim Territories. The successful raid allowed the Rebel protocol droid C-3PO to breach through Imperial encryption codes and gain access to the ISB's computer network in the base. In doing so, the Rebel Alliance gained valuable information about Imperial activities, including Operation: Cinder&#8212;an Imperial campaign designed to render countless worlds uninhabitable in the wake of the Emperor's death.[5] Also among the information was clearance codes belonging to Commander Alecia Beck, an operative in the Imperial Security Bureau.[2]
The Force was a mysterious energy field that bound the galaxy together. Mystics and scholars had long debated the origins of the Force, such as where and when civilizations first became aware of its power, resulting in many answers and none that were considered definitive. Different species had their own names for the Force as well as their own metaphors for how they perceived it and techniques for learning its powers.[4]
Last Shot, Bloodline, The Rise of Kylo Ren 1, The Rise of Kylo Ren 2, Age of Resistance - Finn 1, Phasma, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, The Relic Raiders, The Escape, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: The Secrets of the Jedi, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide
Tano gained much experience on and beyond the war front, leading a group of Jedi younglings to revolt against their Trandoshan captors, helping rescue a colony of Togruta from enslavement by the Zygerrian Slave Empire, and serving as an advisor to the Onderon rebels&#8212;with her close friend, Lux Bonteri, among them&#8212;as they liberated their world from the Confederacy. In a stark turn of events, Tano was framed for the bombing of the Jedi Temple hangar and other homicides, and she escaped into the Coruscant underworld to clear her name. Though she formed an unlikely alliance with Asajj Ventress, she was detained by Republic forces and was consequently barred from the Jedi Order. Ultimately, Skywalker uncovered the true culprit, Tano's friend, and fellow Padawan Barriss Offee, and prevented his former apprentice from being convicted of sedition. Nevertheless, the ordeal dislodged Tano's faith in the Jedi. She refused the Jedi Council's offer to rejoin the Order, instead departing in search of a new path.
Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, marketed as Star Wars: The Last Jedi, is a 2017 film written and directed by Rian Johnson and produced by Kathleen Kennedy and Ram Bergman, along with executive producer J.J. Abrams. It is the second film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy. The film sees the return of Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Lupita Nyong'o, Domhnall Gleeson, Anthony Daniels, Gwendoline Christie, and Andy Serkis. New cast members include Benicio Del Toro, Laura Dern, and Kelly Marie Tran.
In Endor's aftermath, the Rebellion formed the New Republic and headquartered the new Galactic Senate on Chandrila. Mothma was elected as the first chancellor of the New Republic Senate and intended to do away with Palpatine's emergency powers, which the Senate gave to the office of the New Republic chancellery. She also intended to demilitarize the Republic, hoping to cut the New Republic Defense Fleet by ninety percent while leaving the defense of member worlds to the worlds themselves. When the war with the Empire finally came to end, the Republic and the Imperial remnants signed the Galactic Concordance and the Republic passed the Military Disarmament Act. The end of Mothma's chancellery brought a close to a period of unity in the Republic, with several political factions, such as the Centrists and the Populists, breaking out in disagreement over the best future for the new government.
"The Written Word: A Brief Introduction to the Writing Systems of Galactic Basic" was written by Doctor Milanda Vorgan, the Associate Professor of Xenolinguistics at the University of Charmath. The article was released in 38 ABY, within The Shafr Anthology of Galactic Language, Second Edition, a publication from The Shafr Center Press. The published article was illustrated with a series of images, including logos, photographic reference, and charts.[1]
The height of the battle saw Darths Acharon and Hadra killed by Republic strike teams, and with the loss of the inside knowledge provided by the Corellian Council&#8212;many of whom defected to the Republic or were killed during the battle&#8212;the Imperial offensive began to lose cohesion and direction. After securing Axial Park and pushing through the Imperial presence in the Government District, a Republic strike force attacked the Legislature Building and defeated Darth Decimus in the process, signalling the death blow to the Empire's forces on the planet. Supreme Chancellor Dorian Janarus was assassinated aboard his personal flagship during the long battle, but his successor Leontyne Saresh received the formal declaration of victory by General Aves to the Senate. While pockets of Imperial resistance would remain and draw out the conflict for some time, the battle ultimately resulted in a Republic victory and the withdrawal or defeat of the majority of Imperial forces.
"Rys" was the nickname of a diplomatic service clone shock trooper who served in the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars. A part of the Coruscant Guard, he accompanied Jedi Grand Master Yoda together with squadmate Jek and Lieutenant Thire on a mission to meet with the Toydarian King Katuunko on the moon Rugosa in 22 BBY. Upon arriving at Rugosa, the Republic cruiser carrying Yoda and the clones came under attack from the Separatists and was forced to flee after deploying the four to the moon's surface in an escape pod.
Kylo Ren was the subject of Force visions before he was even born. Shortly after the Battle of Fortress Vader, the Sith Lord Darth Vader, the Sith persona of the famed Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, heard the voice of Ren saying that it was time to "Let the past die" as he slaughtered illusions of Jedi while exploring the portal constructed by Lord Momin in Fortress Vader on Mustafar.[10] Ren's voice was also heard by the Jedi Padawan Ezra Bridger, who visited the world between worlds&#8212;a mystical plane that existed between time and space[11] in 0 BBY.[12]
Outraged by the Republic's failure to bring Qel-Droma to justice, Sylvar's anger festered within her, and she became consumed with notions of exacting personal revenge against the former Knight. Several attempts were made by her comrade, Twi'lek Jedi Tott Doneeta, to help Sylvar release her hate, but to no avail. The negativity of Sylvar's emotions was leading her perilously close to the dark side of the Force, and upon recognition of this, Doneeta left Sylvar to sort out her own issues.[9] When she received word that the daughter of her close friend Nomi Sunrider was missing, however, Sylvar sidelined her quest for vengeance to go and assist her fellow Jedi Knight.[10]
Under the leadership of the Jedi Knight known as the Hero of Tython, the Jedi forces on Corellia rallied and halted a plot by the fallen Jedi Master Tol Braga to massacre millions of civilians and soldiers. With victory in sight, Jedi Grand Master Satele Shan and Republic High Command pulled some of their forces off the planet to aid in an all-out assault on the Imperial capital of Dromund Kaas, but even with the reduced troops the Republic was still able to push the Empire on the defensive. The Republic's efforts were aided immensely when the elite Special Forces unit Havoc Squad led an all-out assault on the Bastion&#8212;a Republic military complex that had served as one of the military's main centers of operations before its capture early in the invasion&#8212;and successfully retook the base, capturing General Arkos Rakton in the process. The Barsen'thor of the Jedi Order brought the full might of the Rift Alliance to the Republic's aid, with Voss commandos, Esh-kha, and Balmorran droids fighting to reclaim the fortresses known as the Guardian Holds from the Children of the Emperor&#8212;secret agents of the Emperor scattered throughout the Republic.
After conducting an overwhelmingly successful campaign for dominance over the Outer Rim Territories early in the Great Galactic War,[10] the Sith Empire failed spectacularly in their attempt to take the Mid Rim world of Bothawui[11] in 3671 BBY.[12] The massacre of nearly 50,000 Imperial Army units at Bothawui[11] and the embarrassing defeat of the Sith in the Battle of Alderaan[2] in 3667 BBY[13] forced the Imperials to re-evaluate their warpath and re-examine the strategies that had served them well up until that point.[14] The Sith Emperor himself was humbled by the tenacity of the Galactic Republic's defenders, as he had hoped that after the Empire's return to the galaxy, his victory in the Great War would be achieved in short order.[11] Much to his chagrin, the war was well into its third decade with no immediate resolution in sight,[2] even in light of consecutive Imperial victories prior to Alderaan and Bothawui.[11]
MK-09, nicknamed Emkay, was a heavily modified MK-series maintenance droid owned by the Azzameen family during the Galactic Civil War. A brash, aggressive droid with a sense for adventure, MK-09 was intensely loyal to the Azzameen family and their company Twin Suns Transport Services and considered himself a member of the family. The family droid was modified to allow him to pilot multiple types of craft, including freighters and starfighters, and operate a starship's turret gun. Emkay felt that droids were superior to organic beings; disgusted by the mistreatment of droids throughout the galaxy, he developed a dislike toward the Galactic Empire due to their callous treatment of droids and often suggested that the Azzameens join the Alliance to Restore the Republic, an organization he felt held droids in better respect.
In 2013, news were released that The Walt Disney Company-Lucasfilm Ltd. brand was developing several theatrical pictures separate from the core, episodic Star Wars saga, which were later denominated as the Star Wars Anthology Series line.[4] Talks about a potential Obi-Wan Kenobi-centric movie as part of the Anthology series arose, and Ewan McGregor, the actor who played Kenobi in the Star Wars prequel trilogy, was approached to reprise the role.[5] However, McGregor knew about the project as far as back in 2015,[2] and until 2019, he was forced to withhold information in interviews.[6]
Star Wars: Episode I The Phantom Menace is a 1999 film written and directed by George Lucas, produced by Rick McCallum and starring Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, Jake Lloyd, and Ian McDiarmid. It is the first film in the Star Wars prequel trilogy.
BL-17 was a BL-series Battle Legionnaire, created to serve the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars. One of the few Battle Legionnaires to survive the Mission to Norval II, which saw the Galactic Republic defeat the Confederate-allied Mandalorian Protectors, BL-17 later came into the possession of the bounty hunter Boba Fett sometime after the Declaration of a New Order in 19 BBY.
Content approaching. Master &amp; Apprentice, Balance, Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan &amp; Anakin Adventure, Roger Roger, The Sacrifice, Thrawn: Alliances, Kanan 7, Kanan 8, Kanan 9, From a Certain Point of View, The Sand Will Provide, Star Wars 1, The Rise of Kylo Ren 2, Force Collector, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, The Knight &amp; the Dragon, Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of the Force–class.
A native of the planet Kalee, Grievous sustained severe injuries that required extensive repair by the time of the Clone Wars. Willingly submitting to a procedure that rendered him more mechanical than organic, he became a living weapon, granting him lightning-quick reflexes and devastating strength. Although he was neither Jedi or Sith, nor even sensitive to the power of the Force, Grievous was a skilled lightsaber duelist, having trained in the art of the lightsaber under the fallen Jedi Master-turned-Sith Lord Count Dooku. Known for his hatred of the Jedi Order, Grievous killed Jedi over the course of the war, and would claim their lightsabers both as trophies and weapons to be used against other opponents, be they Jedi or clone troopers.
Canon and Legends mainspace articles shall not document content from Star Wars "parody" projects (examples: Family Guy: "Blue Harvest," Phineas and Ferb: Star Wars, and Robot Chicken: Star Wars) unless there is a specific referential need in the article's "Behind the scenes" section.
With the Empire further tightening its grip, Spanjaf eventually removed the artist from his place of hiding in a hasty and risky plan to escape. Holshef loathed giving up the only planet he had ever known, but Spanjaf convinced him that nothing good could result from his remaining. By then, the two were directly targeted by a dangerous bounty hunter, though a wild chase left the hunter dead, and Holshef escaped the planet with the help of a cantina owner known as Old Jho and was dropped off on the planet Garel.
When Fett was approached by Sise Fromm to hunt the speeder racing team of Thall Joben, Jord Dusat, and Kea Moll on Boonta, the bounty hunter decided to use BL-17 to infiltrate the group by befriending their protocol droid, C-3PO. BL-17 succeeded in leading the group into a trap, but before Fett could attack, his true intentions were revealed in a chance encounter with a former acquaintance, the droid Proto One. In the ensuing skirmish, BL-17 was knocked into a pile of scrap machinery, causing it to fall and crush him.
Qui-Gon Jinn, a Force-sensitive human male, was a venerable if maverick Jedi Master who lived during the last years of the Republic Era. He was a wise and well-respected member of the Jedi Order, and was offered a seat on the Jedi Council, but chose to reject in order to follow his own path. Adhering to a philosophy centered around the Living Force, Jinn strove to follow the will of the Force even when his actions conflicted with the wishes of the High Council. After encountering Anakin Skywalker, Jinn brought him to the Jedi Temple on Coruscant, convinced he had found the Chosen One. His dying wish was for Skywalker to become a Jedi and ultimately restore balance to the Force.
The following are simple guidelines to follow while writing or editing articles. Please note that The Old Republic is a role-playing game, and therefore has several story options. Player-created characters and stories are not allowed on Wookieepedia.
In-universe information from future Star Wars products may only be added to articles once the information is released through official outlets, such as StarWars.com press releases or exclusive feature stories in outlets like Entertainment Weekly and Vanity Fair, where Lucasfilm or an official licensee is expressly providing the information. This specifically disallows information that has been leaked through unofficial channels.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
The Alliance and the cells before it were born from the overall discontent within the Empire of those who wished the Old Republic restored. Its efforts were led by renegade members in the Imperial Senate such as Mon Mothma, Bail Organa, and later, his daughter Leia Organa, and its members were citizens of the Empire and defectors from the Imperial Military such as Jan Dodonna, Ryder Azadi and Wedge Antilles. Founded and united by Organa and Ahsoka Tano, the early rebels were assisted by surviving Jedi, such as Kanan Jarrus, and his Padawan, Ezra Bridger. Clone Wars veterans such as Captain Rex also assisted in the initial movement.
Rey Skywalker was a Force-sensitive human female who, after years of living as a scavenger, became a Jedi during the war between the First Order and the Resistance. Unaware of her lineage as the granddaughter of Emperor Sheev Palpatine, Rey was the only name she went by prior to assuming the Skywalker surname. Rey ultimately chose the Jedi path, despite inheriting her strength in the Force from a Dark Lord of the Sith. She also formed a unique bond with Supreme Leader Kylo Ren. Notwithstanding their adversarial relationship, Rey and Ren were the realization of a prophesied dyad in the Force.
Secretly an artificial creation of Darth Sidious, Snoke was engineered on Exegol, a legendary Sith-affiliated planet hidden in the Unknown Regions, where loyalists of the Sith Eternal awaited the return of the Sith. In the years following the collapse of the Galactic Empire, Snoke gained command of the technological war machine that the First Order engineered to destroy the New Republic and General Leia Organa's Resistance. Snoke also sought to finish the destruction of the Jedi Order, and as such, he directed his apprentice to locate and kill Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.
The Sith cave resided on the site of a former Sith temple,[6] as well as an ancient castle owned by Lady Corvax,[7] a powerful Force-user obsessed with immortality[2] long before the reign of the Galactic Republic. Corvax's quest eventually led to the devastation of Mustafar, turning the planet into a volcanic wasteland.[7] The legends about Corvax's story later led the ancient Sith to the ruined world, who erected the Sith shrine in order to seek the same secrets of eternal life.[2]
CT: Forum:CT Archive/Updating the referencing policy &#8211; Amend sourcing policy and Comprehensive article nominations page with proposed changes. &#8212;Cal Jedi (Personal Comm Channel) 22:46, February 16, 2013 (UTC)
Wookieepedia's Naming policy defines how to correctly title mainspace articles. Generally, article naming shall derive from an official Lucasfilm source and be easily recognizable for the majority of English speakers, with a reasonable minimum of ambiguity.
In the waning days of the Clone Wars, the Jedi Generals were betrayed by their clone troopers as a result of a conspiracy that positioned Darth Sidious, Dark Lord of the Sith, to take unlimited power as Emperor of the first Galactic Empire in 19 BBY. With the Jedi eradicated and a new system supplanting the old democracy, the Empire drifted into a fascist state until the last remnant of the Republic was swept away just prior to the Battle of Yavin in 0 BBY. When the Emperor perished at the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY, the Alliance to Restore the Republic declared itself the New Republic and ultimately defeated the Imperial remnant a year later on Jakku. Under the New Republic Era, the Galactic Republic was remembered as the Republic of legend&#8212;a pillar upon which democracy and liberty stood for a millennium&#8212;its stewardship hailed as "the last era of peace" by the historian Janyor.
The boy who would be dubbed Darth Maul was born the son of Mother Talzin on Dathomir.[12] As a Dathomirian Zabrak male, he was a Nightbrother and had two blood brothers, Feral and Savage Opress.[13] Later in his life, Maul would look back on his time on Dathomir and recall that he once had a birth name, but that he had long since forgotten it, having been known simply by the Sith moniker "Darth Maul" for most of his life during his apprenticeship to Darth Sidious. Before his first birthday, Talzin gave the three Zabrak infants their first tattoos.[14] When Darth Maul was still a child, Mother Talzin became an ally of Darth Sidious, the Dark Lord of the Sith, and the two exchanged wisdom and power. Sidious eventually abandoned Talzin, despite promising to make her his apprentice, and instead took the Zabrak boy once he realized the youngling's Force potential.[12] Once under Sidious' tutelage, he trained as his Sith apprentice, and was eventually given the title "Darth Maul" by his master.[1]
While the captured Jedi staged a brief diversion in the form of a standoff to ensure that they were the only target of attention, 2-4S and 2-1S exited the Lady Luck via its disposal chute along with an equipment pod full of useful supplies. They attached the equipment pod to the bottom of the boarding craft that Yaght had used to get to Calrissian's ship, and when the Yuuzhan Vong took the Jedi back to the Exquisite Death, the war droids came with them, unbeknownst to Yaght and his troops. The Jedi endured torture while the Yuuzhan Vong ship took them deeper into enemy territory, but when the Jedi decided that the Exquisite Death had taken them far enough, Anakin signaled to 2-4S and 2-1S to aid them via a voice-activated implant on his body. 2-4S penetrated the hull of the vessel with ten coma gas canisters to knock out the crew. After blowing a hole in the outer hull, 2-4S sealed that hole to the open equipment pod that they had brought with them by using emergency patching foam, while 2-1S stood guard inside the vessel. On their way to rescue the captive Jedi, the two war droids encountered the Exquisite Death's three voxyn, and after using thermal detonators against them, the droids believed that the voxyn had been killed. Both YVHs then burst into the room where the Jedi were being held and dispatched two warriors, both of whom had been trying to kill the Jedi members of the strike team.[1]
Deltic later accompanied Sloane and the Ultimatum to Calcoraan Depot to help collect the explosive Baradium-357 for use in destroying Cynda. However, a group of rebels led by Kanan Jarrus and Hera Syndulla ultimately foiled Vidian's plan to destroy the moon, and the count was revealed to be a traitor to the Empire. Nevertheless, Deltic greatly enjoyed working on the failed plan to destroy Cynda, joining a betting pool as to how much damage it would cause to the surface of the planet Gorse.
Zorii Bliss was a resident of the frigid planet Kijimi, and at some point before the Cold War became the leader of the Spice Runners of Kijimi, a organization that a young Poe Dameron was a part of. However, Poe eventually abandoned the group to join the New Republic as a T-85 X-wing pilot and later the Resistance as a T-70 X-wing pilot, following in the footsteps of his parents Shara Bey and Kes Dameron, both of whom fought for the Rebellion during the Galactic Civil War. Poe's departure angered Bliss, as well as many others on Kijimi that Poe had ran afoul of.
The "new canon," which was set forth on April 25, 2014 and which is overseen by the Lucasfilm Story Group, exists in a connected, "one universe" continuity. This means that, beginning with the Star Wars Rebels animated television series and the 2014 novel A New Dawn, all officially-licensed Star Wars storytelling from this point forward stands on equal canon footing. This differs significantly from the previous system of Star Wars canon, in which George Lucas's personal projects&#8212;namely, the six films of the original trilogy and prequel trilogy, and the Star Wars: The Clone Wars television series&#8212;took absolute precedence over any Expanded Universe material.
Cassian Jeron Andor was a human male who was born on the planet Fest in 26 BBY to a human father and unknown mother. During the Clone Wars, Andor joined an insurrectionist cell backed by the Confederacy of Independent Systems that operated in the wilds of the Outer Rim Territories and fought against the Galactic Republic. Andor saw his first combat experience in this cell as a child soldier in 20 BBY by tossing rocks and bottles at Republic walkers and clone troopers. Sometime during the Clone Wars, when Andor was still young,[4] Andor's father was killed at the Carida Academy during a protest against the expansion of Republic militarism.[1]
At some point prior to the outbreak of the gang war, Thek lost his sight in a swoop bike accident. Most of the Hidden Beks' membership assumed that he would pass on the mantle of leader of the gang to Brejik, whom Thek had mentored for some time. A veteran of the Beks' resistance against the Mandalorians, he was considered by Thek, and others, to be nearly an adopted son. When the elder swoop biker stayed in his position, stating that Brejik was not yet ready for the responsibility, the latter left the Beks and took over the rival Vulkars,[1] who had previously been led by a sentient named Benno.[8] Though the two bands of outlaws had always been at odds with each other, Brejik turned the Vulkars from a gang of petty hoods and swoop riders into a fanatical force that dedicated themselves to the destruction of the Beks, and Thek in particular.[9]
After the rebels' successful rescue of the Wookiees, Kallus contacted the Grand Inquisitor, an Imperial Jedi hunter, to inform him that the rebels were led by a Jedi. This led to several more confrontations with both Kallus and the Inquisitor as the rebels continued their operations against the Empire.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
Upon their return to their base, Tiplee mourned her sister while Skywalker interrogated Tup. Tiplee arrived to observe the interrogation, and Tup, still feeling the effects of the chip's malfunction, tried to attack her, despite being restrained. Tiplee quickly stopped him by using the Force to levitate him and hold Tup against the wall until he calmed down. She showed anger towards the clone, but Skywalker was able to help her control her emotions and convinced her to release Tup. Tiplee was later present in a medical bay where Tup was examined, and the clone stated that he did not remember killing Tiplar. The cause of Tup's motivation to murder Tiplar remained unclear, though Tiplee and the others suspected that the Separatists may have somehow developed an anti-clone virus. With no clear answers, Tup was sent to Kamino, the planet on which the clones were created, for examination.[4] Tup died on Kamino, where his friend and fellow clone CT-5555 discovered the Sith plot and why Tiplar was murdered. CT-5555 was killed, however, before the Jedi and Tiplee could learn the truth about Order 66.[7]
Towards the end of the Clone Wars, Black Sun's leader Ziton Moj proposed merging with the Pyke Syndicate, which specialized in distributing illegal narcotics. When the Pyke leader Marg Krim rejected his demands, Moj retaliated by kidnapping his family in order to force Krim to change his mind. Krim then hired two independent bounty hunters&#8212;the former Sith apprentice Asajj Ventress and the undercover Jedi Master Quinlan Vos&#8212;to rescue his family. The two bounty hunters raided the Black Sun fortress on Mustafar and succeeded in rescuing Krim's family. During the rescue mission, Moj and his Falleen guards were assaulted by Ventress and Vos. Black Sun retaliated by sending a fleet to attack the Pyke stronghold of Oba Diah.[17]
Circa 17 BBY,[2] Switch was hired by Alderaanian Security, a security force from the planet Alderaan, to collect and store some cargo for them, which contained one of their agents. The agent was returning from an assignment spying on the Galactic Empire in the Deep Core, and had been frozen in a slab of carbonite to reduce the chance of capture by the Empire while traveling back to Alderaan. Switch arranged for the cargo to arrive on Sel Zonn Station in a cargo bay on Blue Deck, an Imperial-controlled zone of the station, as he believed that the Imperials would not expect anyone to be bold enough to hide contraband there. However, Ganga Lor became jealous of Switch's deal with the Alderaanians, and the Chevin began plotting to rid himself of his rival. Around that time, Switch was also contracted to arrange for a crate of Corellian ale to be delivered to an address on Alderaan, and he stored the ale in the Blue Deck cargo bay with the carbonite-frozen Alderaanian.[1]
Beginning his service in the employ of Queen Amidala of Naboo, the droid would wind up serving Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker during the waning years of the Galactic Republic, often accompanied by the protocol droid C-3PO in many adventures throughout the Clone Wars. After his master's turn to the dark side of the Force, he would eventually serve Senator Bail Organa for a time in the Imperial Senate. Nineteen years following the death of the Galactic Republic, he would play a pivotal role in helping the Alliance to Restore the Republic destroy the Empire's dreaded Death Star, carrying technical readouts essential to its destruction. Serving Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker, the son of his two former masters throughout the Galactic Civil War, he would participate in both the Battles of Hoth and Endor, and would witness the destruction of the Empire's dreaded Death Star II a mere four years after the first space station's destruction.
The Alliance to Restore the Republic, commonly known as the Rebel Alliance, Alliance, the Rebellion, the First Rebellion, and rarely the Separatists, was a resistance movement formed by Bail Organa and Mon Mothma to oppose the reign of the Galactic Empire. The Alliance was formed from a less organized movement to oppose the Empire that existed, which was secretly led by Organa. This early group came together from a series of rebel cells, including the crew of the Ghost and the Phoenix Cell. The Atrivis Resistance Group was one of the first cells to join what Mothma began calling "the Alliance," before the formal formation of the Alliance to Restore the Republic. The Alliance was publicly and formally declared with the Declaration of the Rebel Alliance and the document of the Declaration of Rebellion.
Born on the Core World Hosnian Prime[1] in 14 ABY,[2] Kazuda "Kaz" Xiono was the son of Senator Hamato Xiono, a wealthy politician who served in the Galactic Senate during the era when the galaxy was governed by the New Republic, years after the Galactic Civil War.[4] Xiono, who aspired to become a great pilot, was awarded a trophy made from aurodium after winning his first race. He would keep it among his personal effects for years, believing the trophy brought him good fortune as well as the fact that it reminded him of his homeworld.[7]
After Savit was relieved of his duty, Pellaeon and the Harbinger were reassigned to assist Thrawn's Seventh Fleet. Together with Thrawn, Pellaeon participated in the Imperial blockade of the planet Lothal until it was liberated by the rebel Spectres and their allies shortly before the Battle of Yavin. During the liberation, all Imperial starships present were destroyed by flocks of the space-faring purrgil, and Pellaeon's communication with the Grand Admiral was quickly cut off.
During the era of the New Republic, the First Order had a presence on Kijimi. Maize Raynshi, the daughter of the First Order officer Vroc Raynshi, overheard her father mention Kijimi, and asked her friend Karr Nuq Sin to check out the planet on his search for Jedi artifacts. Nuq Sin and his droid, RZ-7, landed the yacht Avadora at the spaceport in Kijimi City to refuel, and wandered the streets of the city for some time. When Nuq Sin returned to the Avadora, which Nuq Sin had stolen from Vroc Raynshi with the help of Maize, it was surrounded by First Order stormtroopers. An officer of the First Order questioned Nuq Sin, believing he possessed a map that led to the lost Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. Once the First Order released Nuq Sin, he left Kijimi, returning to his homeworld of Merokia.[2]
Wookieepedia's IRC channel is the wiki's official chat room. In addition to being a general chatroom about Wookieepedia, Star Wars, and various other subjects, the channel is also where official Wookieepedia meetings, Mofferences, are held. IRC is also a quick way to report vandalism to admins as well as asking questions in general.
Despite his defeat, Maul had established himself as a figure in the underworld during the Clone Wars and saw it as fertile ground to reestablish a power base in the wake of his failure.&#91;source?&#93;
YVH 2-4S, also known as Two-Four-S, was an advanced YVH S-series battle droid with masculine programming produced by Tendrando Arms during the Yuuzhan Vong War. In 27 ABY, he and another YVH droid were part of a mainly Jedi strike team tasked with going to the Yuuzhan Vong&#8211;controlled planet of Myrkr and eliminating the threat of the voxyn, a group of genetically-engineered predators who could hunt the Jedi through the Force. After commandeering the corvette analog Exquisite Death from its Yuuzhan Vong owners, YVH 2-4S and the strike team inserted themselves onto the Baanu Rass worldship, which was orbiting Myrkr. There, 2-4S and the group rescued a pair of Dark Jedi whom the Yuuzhan Vong had imprisoned. However, soon after arriving on the worldship, YVH 2-4S was destroyed when he sacrificed himself to eliminate two enemy coralskippers that had happened upon the team's location. The mission continued, however, and the voxyn were eliminated despite the loss of many members of the team.
In the year 20 BBY,[4] Krix co-piloted the guild's prisoner ship to the planet Felucia, which had become the site of a battle between the Galactic Republic and the Separatists as a part of the ongoing Clone Wars. Accompanied by Garnac; Garnac's son, Dar; the hunter Lo-Taren; and Lagon, the ship's pilot, Krix and the other Trandoshans had captured a slew of prisoners by the time they reached Felucia.[1] These captured beings included the Snivvian Katt Mol, the Terrelian Jango Jumper Lika, the Selkath Morgo, and the Sakiyan Vadoo.[5] Krix and Lagon landed the ship in a Felucian jungle, and Lo-Taren disembarked alone to find potential prey. When the Trandoshan returned, he had in tow the Jedi Padawan Ahsoka Tano, who had been fighting in the battle against the Separatists.[1]
As noted by McGregor, at some point through development, the film project quickly turned into a television series instead.[5] A television series centered on Obi-Wan Kenobi to be aired on Disney+, Disney's new streaming service, was officially announced by McGregor and Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy at the 2019 D23 Expo after months of rumors and speculation. The series will take place eight years after Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith and eleven years before Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope.[1] During the event, it was also revealed that the episodes had already been written and that production would begin in 2020.[15] Amini and Deborah Chow were later announced as showrunners in StarWars.com.[3]
To list an article under this Projects focus, put the &#123;&#123;WPVGtalk&#125;&#125; template on the talk page of that article. It will then produce this result:
CT: Forum:CT Archive/Utilizing Atlas grid coordinates &#8211; Adopt addendum to Layout Guide. Toprawa and Ralltiir (talk) 11:20, February 23, 2013 (UTC)
During the Great Hyperspace War, this clash was fought between the army of the unified Koros system and the forces of the Sith Empire. In 5000 BBY, Dark Lord of the Sith Naga Sadow gathered an invasion force and launched an attack on the Galactic Republic. A part of the Sith fleet led by Sadow's Sith apprentice and Koros Major native Gav Daragon, was sent to conquer the Koros system in a two-pronged attack focused on both his homeworld and the planet Kirrek. The Koros military, commanded by Empress Teta and Vontaige, one of her top advisors and generals, had a diminished fleet due to a recent war but nevertheless believed that they could provide a good accounting of themselves. During the planet-side engagement on Koros Major, Gav Daragon took a dropship down to the main area of battle in the city of Cinnagar to find his sister, Jori, whom he had not seen in a long time. While looking for her with his company of Massassi guards, Daragon had an altercation with a former acquaintance, Aarrba the Hutt, which resulted in the Hutt's death. Jori Daragon arrived at that moment and confronted her brother about the Hutt's death. Overcome with emotion, Gav fled and abandoned the battle soon afterward, deciding to attack Sadow and end the war. With Gav Daragon no longer present to direct them, the Sith lost the battle.
Ahsoka Tano, nicknamed "Snips" by her Master and known as "Ashla" after the Clone Wars, was a Jedi Padawan who, after the conflict, helped establish a network of various rebel cells against the Galactic Empire. A Togruta female, Tano was discovered on her homeworld of Shili by Jedi Master Plo Koon, who brought her to the Jedi Temple on Coruscant to receive Jedi training. Following the outbreak of the Clone Wars, Jedi Grand Master Yoda assigned the young Tano to be the Padawan learner of Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, whom she joined at the Battle of Christophsis. Whereas Tano was eager to prove herself, Skywalker had a reputation for recklessness, and they had a rather difficult start as Master and apprentice. Yet, they worked together to rescue Rotta, the son of crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure, and returned Rotta to his father, thus facilitating a crucial alliance between the Hutt Clan and the Galactic Republic.
Although Ryvora continued to be frustrated by Xiono, she slowly warmed up to him. After Bucket informed her that hyperfuel had been stolen from Yeager's office, she was alarmed, telling Xiono when he asked her that more than a few drops of the stuff turned ships into flying bombs. This led Xiono to rush off to save the thief, Jace Rucklin, from the consequences of his actions.[10]
1 Jedi Master[4]Arca Jeth[4]3 Jedi Knights[3]Ulic Qel-Droma[3]Cay Qel-Droma[3]Tott Doneeta[3]Beast Rider war-beasts[3]Beast Riders[3]Beast Warrior Commandos[3]Oron Kira[4]Gobee[4]Iziz soldiers[3]
Article bodies of Star Wars Legends articles will comprehensively cover all content from applicable officially-licensed sources that Lucasfilm did not declare non-canon within the Legends continuity. Please see Wookieepedia:Canon policy#Reliable sources for a list of officially-licensed sources considered applicable to the Legends continuity.
"Rys" was the nickname assumed by a[2] diplomatic service[3] clone trooper of the Grand Army of the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars, a conflict against the Confederacy of Independent Systems and their Droid Army.[2] Like all clone troopers, he was created as a clone of the bounty hunter Jango Fett and trained on the planet Kamino before being deployed.[1] Rys was assigned to be a clone shock trooper[2] in the Coruscant Guard, a division of clones stationed on the planet Coruscant,[4] capital of the Republic.[5]
As a commander in the Grand Army of the Republic, Tano found a mentor in Clone Captain Rex of the 501st Legion, with whom she and Skywalker collaborated to lead frontline campaigns against the Confederacy of Independent Systems. In her first command position at the Battle of Ryloth, Tano disobeyed orders and lost her entire squadron of pilots, but she managed to rebound and helped secure a victory at Ryloth. Her assignments pitted her against a variety of opponents, from General Grievous and Sith apprentice Asajj Ventress to bounty hunters such as Cad Bane and Aurra Sing. Over time, she matured into a respected leader, contributing to key Republic victories like the Second Battle of Geonosis and the Battle of Mon Cala. She even died during a series of events on Mortis, but the Force wielder known as the Daughter sacrificed herself to bring Tano back to life.
Gilad Pellaeon was a male individual who served as a captain in the naval forces of the Galactic Empire, commanding the Imperial Star Destroyer Harbinger as part of Grand Admiral Balanhai Savit's Third Fleet. When Savit was exposed as a traitor who was stealing components from Project Stardust, Pellaeon sided with Grand Admiral Thrawn and Commodore Karyn Faro, and helped them arrest his superior.
"The Written Word: A Brief Introduction to the Writing Systems of Galactic Basic" was an article written by Doctor Milanda Vorgan, the Associate Professor of Xenolinguistics at the University of Charmath. The article was published in 38 ABY as a part of The Shafr Anthology of Galactic Language, Second Edition. Split into six main sections, the article detailed the various forms of writing that had developed over the course of the galaxy's history, and how the various forms of language and typography had evolved and come to be implemented, from the pre-Republican Infinite Empire of the Rakata, to the more recent Galactic Alliance standards.
The Battle of Rhen Var was a conflict between the reconstituted Sith Empire and Galactic Republic during the Great Galactic War, fought around 3653 BBY. The engagement was catalyzed by the Empire's invasion and seizure of the icy Outer Rim world of Rhen Var&#8212;an operation overseen by the Dark Council member and Dark Lord of the Sith, Darth Mekhis. Mekhis, a Sith scientist and alchemist, intended to use the world to test her new creations, and though she was initially successful in her endeavors, a Republic intervention force led by members of the Jedi Order arrived on the planet to challenge the Empire for control.
In 15 BBY,[1] the discovery of rich reserves of fuel ore on the Outer Rim world of Biitu attracted the attention of the Great Heep, along with the Empire and Mungo Baobab,[2] heir to the famed Baobab Merchant Fleet.[5] Baobab intended to establish a mining operation that would provide the native Biituians with a fair share of the profits.[2] The Great Heep, however, intended to enslave the local population and drain the planet of its resources.[6] The Heep formed a partnership with Screed, and together they seized control of Biitu and established a droid-run mining operation on the planet.[3] Central to the mining operation was a tower known as the "moisture eater," which drained all moisture from Biitu's atmosphere, providing the dry environment preferred by the Abominor[3] and a means to cool the mining equipment,[5] at the cost of a drought that killed Biituian crops and left the farming-dependent natives on the verge of death.[2]
The Phantom Menace was released in theaters on May 19, 1999, becoming the first Star Wars film since Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi, which was released sixteen years earlier. The release was accompanied by extensive media coverage and great fan anticipation. Despite mixed reviews from critics and fans, the film grossed $924.3 million worldwide, making it the second highest-grossing Star Wars film when unadjusted for inflation. It was re-released on Blu-ray in September 2011, and was re-released in theaters in 3D on February 10, 2012.
During the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire, Gilad Pellaeon was an Imperial officer who held the rank of captain during his deployment with the Imperial Navy. He served as the commanding officer of the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Harbinger in Grand Admiral Balanhai Savit's Third Fleet, though the Grand Admiral was not satisfied with the degree of Pellaeon's personal loyalty to him. During the fleet's anti-piracy campaign in the Esaga sector, Savit ordered Pellaeon and the latter's first officer to meet him to discuss a pirate-hunting mission. However, unbeknownst to Pellaeon, the Grand Admiral himself had hired the pirates in order to steal components from Project Stardust, which saw the construction of the Death Star superweapon.[1]
Solo: A Star Wars Story is a stand-alone Star Wars film directed by Ron Howard from a screenplay by Lawrence Kasdan and Jon Kasdan, released Worldwide on May 25, 2018. It stars Alden Ehrenreich as Han Solo in the years prior to Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope. Donald Glover portrays Lando Calrissian and Joonas Suotamo portrays the Wookiee Chewbacca. Woody Harrelson, Emilia Clarke, Thandie Newton, and Phoebe Waller-Bridge also star.
L'ulo L'ampar was a male Duros who served as a commander in the Alliance to Restore the Republic and as a pilot in the Resistance. In the year 4 ABY, Lieutenant L'ampar participated in the Battle of Endor, flying an A-wing in Green Squadron. As the Galactic Civil War raged on after the Rebel victory at Endor, L'ampar was promoted to captain and led Green Squadron through campaigns such as the liberation of Cawa City. During this time, L'ampar formed a close friendship with Shara Bey, a fellow Green Squadron pilot. Three months after the Battle of Endor, Bey mustered out of service, and L'ampar maintained a close relationship with her, acting as an uncle figure to her son, Poe Dameron.
The Knights of Ren were neither Jedi nor Sith, but a new generation of warriors[11] imbued with the power of the Force,[4] though not to the extent of the aforementioned Jedi or Sith.[12] As such, the Knights permitted only Force-sensitive beings to join their ranks. Even if a non-Force user was more inclined to their way of thinking than a potential recruit, the Knights would sooner kill them than accept one who could not feel the Force. Aside from the requirement of Force-sensitivity, admission into the group necessitated that a personal sacrifice. Another Knight known as "Ren" once asked a candidate for the Knights to kill his own brother,[3] and Snoke warned Ben Solo that the price of entry was steep. Ultimately, the path to becoming a Knight of Ren ended in only one of two outcomes: succeed and join the Knights, or fail and die.[6]
However, when the Knight and T7-O1 raided Black Sun's headquarters to find Tarnis, the two discovered that the doctor was in fact a Sith Lord who had been masquerading as a Republic scientist. Tarnis had stolen the Planet Prison superweapon,[7] a device that supercharged a planet's atmosphere and turned it into an enormous ion cannon,[8] and he now planned to activate it on Coruscant. Teaming up with the Padawan Kira Carsen, the Knight tracked Tarnis to the territory of the paramilitary Justicars' Brigade, and learned that Tarnis had tricked the project research team into bringing him the real prototype before murdering them. From a dying scientist named Jonkan, the two Jedi learned that the device needed time to charge up to full capacity, and that it generated immense amounts of heat while doing so. Thanks to Jonkan's information, the Knight and Carsen were able to locate the device in the ruins of the Jedi Temple,[1] which had been destroyed in the Sacking of Coruscant by the Empire over ten years earlier.[9]
He originally served solely as a maintenance droid aboard Azzameen Home Base and the family's YT-2000 light freighter Otana, but was later able to put his piloting modifications to use when family head Tomaas Azzameen, owner of Twin Suns Transport Services and Alliance sympathizer, determined it time to train his youngest son Ace in the family trading business. Emkay, along with Ace's siblings Emon and Aeron, were assigned to instruct the new pilot. The droid accompanied Ace on delivery runs for the family, often encountering Viraxo Industries&#8212; an Imperial-aligned trading company and rivals to the Azzameens and their company and with whom MK-09 held great contempt.
While the dark side nature of the collected materials concerned the Jedi, the museum's curator was skeptical about the power each item possessed; he believed that they were nothing more than worthless antiquities and mused that it was highly improbable that anyone could use any of them to conquer the galaxy. When Aleema asked a final time to just be allowed to glance at the items, the curator relented. He led both her and Satal into an adjacent room with more tables and display cases, as well as piles of ancient texts and talismans. The Ketos were fascinated by the exhibit's contents, but the curator dismissed the artifacts as insignificant; he had yet to complete the presentation with the holographic and special effect lighting that he was sure would become the exhibit's main attraction. Aleema then asked the curator the extent of his own dark side knowledge, to which he confessed was nonexistent. He instead deferred to a datapad that gave a brief overview of the origins of the Dark Lords of the Sith and the long-forgotten civilization over which they ruled. The trio was interrupted at that moment by a comlink message for the curator, who excused himself while allowing the Ketos to peruse the exhibit unaccompanied.[3]
The standard sanctions for dealing with violators of IRC policies are as follows. As on Wookieepedia, sanctions undertaken by administrators while acting as a channel operator fall under administrative autonomy.
Star Maps were artifacts left behind by the ancient Rakatan Infinite Empire. Constructed of a self-sustaining technology that was imbued with and drew upon the dark side of the Force, these Star Maps were fabricated to be monuments to the glory of the Rakatan Empire. Originally, each Map indicated the precise location of the Infinite Empire's greatest achievement: the Star Forge, a factory of immense proportions. Through intentional sabotage from the retreating Rakata as their empire fell, much of the information contained within the Star Maps was lost. Over time, however, the Maps repaired themselves as designed, allowing those who sought the information contained within to piece together their full contents from multiple Maps. The most complete known example, as of the Mandalorian Wars, was located on Dantooine. This Map was housed in an ancient temple built by Rakatan slaves and protected by a set of droids, including one designed for informational purposes.
During the Great Galactic War, a duel between Teneb Kel and Exal Kressh occurred on Lenico Colony Blue, a hospital space station orbiting the dead world of Lenico IV. Kel, a disgraced Sith apprentice, was tasked by the Dark Council of the Sith Empire to hunt down and eliminate Kressh, a traitor to the Empire and the Sith Emperor's former apprentice. Over a month earlier, Kressh had abandoned the Empire and began leaking confidential Imperial intelligence to the Sith's adversaries in the war, the Galactic Republic, with the intent to disrupt the Emperor's life-twisting Sith rituals. Kressh traveled to Lenico after managing to flee from the Empire's agents, hoping that entering a medically-induced stasis would prevent her former Master from detecting her Force presence.
Wookieepedia is an encyclopedia, not a publisher of original thought. The threshold for inclusion in Wookieepedia is whether material is attributable to a reliable published source, not whether it is true. Wookieepedia is not the place to publish your opinions, experiences, or arguments.
In the same year of its inception, The Dark Lords of the Sith exhibit was patronized by Aleema and Satal Keto, two socialite cousins native to the Empress Teta system. Despite the insignificance of the exhibit's artifacts as purported by the museum curator, the Ketos' interest in dark side&#8211;oriented objects led them to steal an ancient Sith spellbook from a display. With the knowledge they gained from its contents, Aleema and Satal became influential in the resurgence of the actual Dark Lords of the Sith, for whom the museum exhibit was named.
During the final stages of the Death Star's construction, the project faced potential exposure in the form of a rather talkative cargo pilot. Krennic restlessly sought to silence these rumors, ordering the first successful discharge of the superlaser on the sacred moon of Jedha, where news of the technological terror had reached. However, Krennic was ultimately unable to contain the project's secrecy, and the Rebel Alliance soon launched an attack on the coastal planet Scarif where data tapes containing a complete technical readout of the station were being held. After Director Krennic failed to prevent the theft of these tapes, Tarkin deployed the Death Star in a continued effort to eliminate the compromised facility. Krennic met his end in this second blast of his own creation, an ironic culmination of his life's work. Soon afterward, the Rebellion successfully exploited a vulnerability in the Death Star discovered through the stolen plans, detonating the reactor module and leading to the downfall of Krennic's achievement.
By the time of the Clone Wars, K1-1R's droid model was considered outdated. Despite his antiquated design, K1-1R became a bounty hunter of some renown and was able to charge high fees for his services. He also cultivated a number of allies among those who opposed the Republic.[3] In about 20 BBY,[1] a bioweapon attack on the planet Caarimon was averted by the Heroes of Cularin, a group of freelance agents from the Cularin system. The incident generated publicity for the agents and led to the rediscovery of Contract AA23, a bounty for the capture of the agents that had been placed by the Metatheran Cartel envoy Velin Wir more than ten years earlier, and which had compounded over time to an accumulated value of 500,000 for the agents' arrest. K1-1R learned of the bounty, and he teamed up with the Rodian bounty hunter Drokka and the Human assassin Shiana Trist to attempt to apprehend the agents and claim the prize. K1-1R acted as the trio's tactical leader; they contrived to ensnare the agents during an errand that the agents were to make to the moon Nar Shaddaa to rendezvous with Korlana Toryn, the daughter of the influential Republic Senator Jasso Toryn.[3]
During the First Order–Resistance war, a First Order Resurgent-class Star Destroyer attacked and destroyed an Aeosian village as part of their campaign to deny the Resistance access to former Rebel Alliance bases. The attack led to the abandonment of the village and resulted in several wounded Aeosians. When the Colossus refueling platform arrived seeking refuge, the Aeosian Queen ordered her people to attack the newcomers. However, Kazuda Xiono managed to convince her that the Colossus did not pose a threat. In return for medical supplies to treat the wounded, the Queen gave Captain Imanuel Doza and his people sanctuary.
Switch was a protocol droid with masculine programming who worked as both a crime lord and an information broker on the XQ2 Platform Sel Zonn Station in the years following the end of the Clone Wars. Switch established a criminal organization that was based in a storage bay on Sel Zonn Station. He soon became a rival of the Chevin criminal Ganga Lor, and he competed with Lor for control of illegal activities aboard the space station.
HG-211 was a military droid[1] with masculine programming who resided on the moon Uffel in the Cularin system during the waning years of the Galactic Republic. HG-211 served as the head of security for a community of droids that operated a series of droid production facilities on the moon,[2] and he maintained an office in the city X2-4.[1] In about 31 BBY,[3] a debris storm over Uffel caused the ancient protocol droid LN-73 to fall to the surface of the moon. The droid had first been dispatched to Uffel about half a century earlier by the investor Hesk Beldross to take over the moon's droid production facilities, and it initiated its plans to to subjugate Uffel by sabotaging the moon's manufacturing lines, including a line producing MSF-series droids, a variant of the MSE-series mouse droid. Following the sabotage, HG-211 ordered that all droids working on the MSF production line be fitted with restraining bolts, to prevent them from affecting other droids.[1]
Defeating Vivicar was the accomplishment that earned the Jedi the title of Barsen'thor. With that victory also came another assignment, from the Republic's Supreme Chancellor Dorian Janarus himself. Granted the title of Jedi Master, the Barsen'thor was assigned as an envoy to the Rift Alliance, an organization of worlds seeking to secede from the Republic due to disillusionment with the galactic government's ignorance of their planets' problems. After rescuing the representatives of the Rift Alliance from a Sith attack, the Barsen'thor tried to convince the politicians to come back into the Republic's fold. In order to do so, however, he had to prove the Republic's worth to the Rift Alliance. To this end, he performed a number of tasks on behalf of the Rift Alliance on the planets Balmorra, Quesh and Hoth.
The group's members share a passion for this critically acclaimed series, and we expect to make articles related to the show rank amongst the best that Wookieepedia has to offer. Anyone who watches the show and has a registered account is welcome to join!
Kazuda Xiono, nicknamed "Kaz," was a human male military pilot who served the New Republic in the years following the conclusion of the Galactic Civil War. The son of Senator Hamato Xiono, Kazuda served with the Starfighter Corps of the New Republic Defense Fleet during the cold war, at which point the Resistance recruited him to spy on the First Order. As a result, he was sent to the Colossus&#8212;an independent refueling station located on the Outer Rim planet Castilon&#8212;where Commander Poe Dameron instructed him to gather information pertaining to the local population's sympathies and determine if their allegiance was to the Republic or the First Order.
The film was the catalyst for fifteen years of Star Wars storytelling that would primarily take place around the time of the prequel storyline. The success of the film allowed for the next two chapters of the prequel trilogy, as well as the Star Wars: The Clone Wars film and television series.
By 0 BBY,[5] TX-828 had been promoted to sergeant, and he served under Imperial Security Bureau Senior Commander Alecia Beck, stationed aboard the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Vehement. During this time, Beck had been tracking the Shrikes, operatives for the Alliance to Restore the Republic, and she traced the rebel cell to the planet Taanab, where she hoped to observe their actions and learn information about Alliance High Command.[1]
The tower assembly housed the primary cognitive module and was crowned by a saucer-shaped head that was capable of 360-degree rotation. The Tower Droid was equipped with an array of sensors.[1] Visual sensors for a range of wavelengths,[4] as well as auditory, electromagnetic, radionic and seismic sensors, were located around the rim of the head, while infrared sensors were spaced around the top of the tower assembly.[1] A broadband antenna extending from the top of the head allowed it to receive orders from a central command center and transmit guidance data to a number of seeker drones that it used to investigate suspicious sensor readings.[4] Removing the head was sufficient to disable a Tower Droid.[5]
Its aged appearance belied numerous advanced modifications to boost the ship's speed, weapons, and shield, including a hyperdrive engine among the fastest in the entire galaxy, enabling it to outrun Imperial Star Destroyers. It included sensor-proof smuggling compartments, which were used during the rescue of Princess Leia Organa in 0 BBY to evade Imperial stormtroopers.[1] Afterwards, the Millennium Falcon saw further action when Solo chose to join the Rebels during the Battle of Yavin, where it was able to sneak up and fire on Darth Vader's TIE Advanced, allowing Luke Skywalker to fire the proton torpedo that destroyed the Death Star.
Roodown witnessed the criminal Zool Zendiat and a group of thugs arrive in Niima and capture Plutt while they searched for the head of a J9 droid that had been sold to the junk dealer. When the human scavenger Rey arrived in the outpost and asked what had happened, Roodown described Plutt's kidnapping to her shortly before the Gabdorin Krynodd declared himself the new "junkboss" of Niima.[6] Rey then rescued Plutt, who reclaimed control of Niima.[7]
After the final rebel, the Jedi Luke Skywalker, was captured, J'Quille traveled on the Hutt's sail barge, the Khetanna, to witness the rebels' planned executions at the Pit of Carkoon. However, the rebels managed to defeat Jabba's forces there and kill the Hutt, destroying his sail barge as they escaped. J'Quille survived the explosion but found that Valarian had placed a bounty on him, since he had not been personally responsible for Jabba's death. Unable to leave Tatooine, J'Quille joined the B'omarr Order.
Snoke was an artificial humanoid male alien created by Darth Sidious and the Sith Eternal, a cult of loyalists to the Sith religion and followers of Darth Sidious, on Exegol, the legendary hidden world of the Sith in the Unknown Regions of the galaxy. Sidious and the Sith Eternal also stored multiple additional copies of Snoke on Exegol.[3]
Born on the Core World Coruscant, the capital of the Galactic Republic in around 80 BBY, Jinn eventually learned the ways of the Force as the Padawan of Jedi Master Dooku before ultimately attaining the rank of Jedi Knight. He would go on to take an apprentice of his own, Obi-Wan Kenobi, who adhered to the principles of the Jedi Code more than his own master. When the Trade Federation initiated a blockade of the Mid Rim planet Naboo in 32 BBY, Jinn and Kenobi were dispatched to resolve the crisis at the request of Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum. Influenced by the mysterious Sith Lord Darth Sidious, the Federation launched a full-scale invasion of Naboo, forcing the Jedi to rescue Queen Padmé Amidala after the fall of Theed. During their journey to the galactic capital, the group was forced to land on the Outer Rim planet Tatooine where Jinn encountered a young slave named Anakin Skywalker. Using a scientific method to gauge the boy's potential, he learned that Skywalker had more midi-chlorians in his blood than any Force-sensitive in galactic history, including Grand Master Yoda. The revelation that he was the result of a miracle birth&#8212;a child born of a mother but had no father&#8212;confirmed Jinn's suspicion that Skywalker was, in fact, the Chosen One destined to restore balance to the Force. Before departing the desert world with Skywalker, Jinn was confronted by Sidious' Sith apprentice Darth Maul and although their duel was brief, it convinced Jinn that the Sith had returned after a millennium of silence.
Although momentarily shielded from the capital ship's barrage of fire by the bulk of the Xucphra Alazhi as the Corrupter destroyed the tanker, Jawaswag and Darklighter survived only after the latter took them on a blind hyperspace jump away from the battle, yet Shiel was caught in the Corrupter's fire and perished. After fifteen seconds, they exited hyperspace, and Jawaswag plotted the first of seven short jumps that led them away from the battle zone. With Darklighter hoping to return to the Rogue Squadron base in the Yag'Dhul system, the pair stopped at the planet Halanit to refuel at a Rogue Squadron-friendly colony. As the colonists needed to synthesize the fuel, the refueling process was to take two days, so Darklighter left Jawaswag in the starfighter. However, the Corrupter soon arrived at Halanit to make an example of the colonists for siding with Rogue Squadron, and the Imperials assaulted the colony.[1]
J'Quille was a Whiphid male from the planet Toola. During the Galactic Civil War, he worked as a bounty hunter for the Hutt crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure on the planet Tatooine. Unbeknownst to Jabba, the Whiphid truly served as a spy for the Hutt's rival Lady Valarian, with whom J'Quille had a romantic affair, and planned to kill Jabba for her by poisoning the Hutt's food. J'Quille was present in Jabba's Palace in the year 4 ABY, when a group of rebels attempted to rescue the smuggler Han Solo from Jabba's clutches. The Whiphid witnessed the arrival and capture of each member of the group.
Until this point in the war, the Emperor had widely ignored the need for allies, and instead blazed a path of conquest across the galaxy with Sith and Imperial forces alone.[11] This independence was the primary point of reform that Imperial tacticians focused on when they began to rework their strategies[14] in 3667 BBY.[15] In that year, representatives of the Imperial Diplomatic Service began to actively solicit crime lords, criminal syndicates, assassins, and bounty hunters for assistance in their war. Along with the Hutt Cartel, these groups had been debating whether to support the Republic or the Empire since the start of the war, and active courting by Imperial diplomats did little to alter their indecisive demeanor.[14]
As rebellious activities increased on Lothal, the Empire also increased its efforts in corralling the planet's criminal underworld, and few elements escaped attention. The Empire targeted the Gray Syndicate's gambling operations and warehouses, before finally accomplishing the Syndicate's near total destruction by raiding its headquarters and killing Laxo. Her death left Holshef in danger, as there remained an Imperial bounty issued for the old man's capture. Thus, Merei Spanjaf, a human female who had come to know and like Holshef through her activities with the Syndicate, sought to spirit him off Lothal.
In 25 ABY, during the Yuuzhan Vong War, Catch was still serving as Darklighter's astromech, and the droid participated in Rogue Squadron action in the Outer Rim Territories, facing off against pirates and later the forces of the invading Yuuzhan Vong species as Rogue Squadron searched for intelligence on the invaders. Catch also flew alongside Darklighter during a battle at the planet Dantooine, where they engaged enemy fighters that were covering a ground troop advance, and later saw action at the planet Ithor, with Catch and Darklighter downing Yuuzhan Vong landing craft in Ithor's atmosphere.
Gorr sent the Neimoidian spy Hallion Nark to the Colossus as an inside agent. Nark soon gave them the all-clear for an attack on the platform. During the attack, San served as Gorr's co-pilot on his shuttle. While fighting Ace Squadron, the defenders of the Colossus, an individual fell onto the windscreen of their shuttle. Gorr and San shook him off and continued to cause havoc on the platform. However, a disturbance occurred on the comm channel. San tried to stop it, but it began jamming all of the shuttle's systems. The Aces used this to their advantage and shot down one of the pirate fighters, forcing Gorr to order a retreat.[2]
Grievous was a Kaleesh male warlord who served as a commanding officer in the military forces of the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the last years of the Galactic Republic. Although he was known by his rank as a general, Grievous was the Supreme Commander of the Separatist Droid Army that engaged the Grand Army of the Republic throughout the pan-galactic conflict of the Clone Wars. Noted for his ruthlessness and extensive cybernetic enhancements, Grievous inspired fear as he traveled across the galaxy, invading entire worlds and engaging the Jedi Knights of the Republic.
These are articles that may have their FA status removed by the Inquisitorius if not brought back up to quality. Please see what you can do to help the articles maintain their current status.
The Knights of Ren were Kylo Ren's most mysterious and deadly servants.[9] They were an enclave of masked warriors wielding distinctive weapons for ranged and closequarter combat, making them the elite and fearsome enforcers of Kylo's will.[10] The Knights hailed from the galaxy's Unknown Regions where their name and reputation inspired centuries of cautionary tales about the dangers lurking in uncharted space. Though local folklore warned of marauders known as the Knights of Ren, the exact origins of their modern incarnation remained mysterious, for they were either directly connected to that ancient tradition or wrapping themselves in the legacy of legends. The New Republic-era Knights of Ren were nonetheless a force to be reckoned with.[4] Their martial prowess was without equal,[9] and they thrived in violence and strife.[4]
However, a resistance movement on Mandalore led by renegade members of the Death Watch, who refused to bow to Maul's leadership, threatened the Sith Lord's position in the underworld.[11] The Hutts abandoned the Shadow Collective[12] and the absence of significant returns on their investments led the Pykes and Black Sun to follow suit.[13] Sometime later, the Mandalorian rebels received assistance from the Republic and the Jedi Order to assist their liberation of Mandalore. Maul's hold on the world broke and he was forced into hiding as Darth Sidious established himself as Emperor of the regime born from the reorganized Republic.[14][15]
During the First Order–Resistance war, the Colossus refueling platform escaped First Order forces on the planet Aeos Prime. After fleeing the planet Castilon, the Colossus spent several months searching for a new world to settle. They picked the planet Aeos Prime, an isolated ocean world. Despite initial hostilities, the Colossus residents managed to make peace with the Aeosian Queen, who gave them asylum.
The Blockade of the Hydian Way was an offensive action against the Galactic Republic by the Mandalorian warrior clans in the final decade of the Great Galactic War. The blockade was orchestrated by the Sith Empire's Ministry of Intelligence, which had spent years investing in the resurrection of the then-disbanded Mandalorian clans. The Empire's efforts culminated with the rise of Mandalore the Lesser, who was little more than a puppet for the Sith government. Disaffected Mandalorians from across the galaxy rallied to the man regardless and acquiesced to Imperial demands for support in their decades-long war against the Republic. After a series of skirmishes between Mandalorians and Jedi, the warriors launched their primary operation in 3661 BBY. That year, Mandalorian cruisers seized control of the Hydian Way, a vital trade and supply route used by the Republic to move goods and resources from the Outer Rim Territories to civilian population centers in the Core Worlds, as well as military materiel bound for battlefronts across the galaxy.
When she was sixteen, following her homeworld's destruction by the Empire[1] in the year 0 BBY,[3] Anandra and her younger brother Santigo witnessed the other residents of Level 3204, many of whom also hailed from Alderaan, begin to hold vigils for the lost. However, the vigils turned into riots as more information became available about the Empire's role in Alderaan's destruction. The riots drew the attention of the Empire, who began to crack down on the remaining Alderaanians. Stormtroopers shot Reffe, the neighbor of Anandra Milon's uncle, in the street as he gave a tirade against Imperial corruption. Once the troopers were gone, Anandra's mother attempted to reassure Anandra and Santigo over breakfast that they were now safe and that their father would return home from his trade mission soon.[1]
Recognizing that the old Sith traditions were a dead end, Bane created a new Sith philosophy, the Rule of Two, in which there could be only two Sith at a given time: a Master to embody power and an apprentice to crave it.[3] Only by slaying their Master could the Sith apprentice gain that title and take on their own apprentice, or they could die in the attempt, and be replaced.[8] These Sith would favor the shadowy tactics of trickery and scheming to destroy their enemies rather than outright force, until it was time to rise and conquer the galaxy.[3] Believing that this new principle would prevent the power of the dark side from destroying the Sith Order,[6] Bane took on an apprentice of his own and began passing on his knowledge. The Jedi learned of Bane's new philosophy and, with Bane's defeat, falsely believed that they had destroyed the Sith forever. However, Bane's plans continued through his apprentice.[1] Although the historical records were not accurate about the identity of Bane's apprentice or how Bane died, it seemed possible that he was murdered by his student.[6]
A spy, or secret agent, was an individual who engaged in clandestine observation or acquisition of sensitive intelligence regarding a person or organization or other target of interest, usually for political, military or financial benefit.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
Over the years, Phasma rose through the ranks of the First Order and became in charge of their stormtrooper training program. She conspired with Brendol's son General Armitage Hux to assassinate her former benefactor. Phasma also survived an assassination attempt by Brendol's former protege Cardinal, who sought revenge for Brendol's death. Having consolidated her position within the First Order, Phasma became part of an unofficial triumvirate consisting of General Hux and the dark enforcer Kylo Ren.
It was there that Kressh realized what the Emperor had been doing to her throughout her apprenticeship. Horrified, she massacred the Ortolan tribe and fled from the Empire shortly thereafter, hoping to rid herself of the Emperor and stop his creation of more Children.[4] To the latter end, she began leaking Imperial Military secrets to the Galactic Republic, all the while being tormented by the continuing presence of the Emperor in her mind. As word of a rogue Sith apprentice spread, both the Jedi Order and the Empire's Dark Council began efforts to hunt her down, albeit for different reasons.[1] Knowing that the Emperor was able to track her through her own thoughts and experiences, Kressh returned to Lenico IV, reasoning that her history with the location would confuse the Emperor's perceptions of her whereabouts. To further the deception, the rogue Sith put herself into suspended animation aboard the medical station Lenico Colony Blue, one of six artificial satellites orbiting the planet.[4]
In about 17 BBY, Switch was hired by Alderaanian Security to collect and receive one of their agents, who had been frozen in a slab of carbonite while on an assignment in the Deep Core. The protocol droid gained possession of the frozen operative, and the Alderaanian Security agent Maya was dispatched to collect the carbonite slab from Switch. After Maya was attacked by Imperial stormtroopers, a group of spacers met with Switch in her place, and they negotiated with him for the frozen agent's release. However, just as Switch and the spacers concluded their business, they were attacked by Ganga Lor and a group of his thugs. Switch and the spacers defeated the Chevin, and, shortly afterward, the spacers traveled to the planet Cato Neimoidia on a mission for the Alderaanian Resistance, a rebellious movement led by Senator Bail Organa. A contact working for Switch obtained copies of some encrypted messages that had been sent from the palace of the Hutt Darga on Cato Neimoidia, and Switch ordered his contact to make the messages available to the spacers. Switch later sent the Twi'lek Koroma Moro to compete in the Cloud City Sabacc Tournament on the planet Bespin, and the droid engaged the assistance of the spacers to ensure that Moro won the competition.
BL-17 was a BL-series Battle Legionnaire, one of only 1,000 of the droids to be manufactured by Baktoid Combat Automata after the Mandalorian Protectors, led by Alpha-Ø2, allied themselves with the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars. The Battle Legionnaires were deployed successfully during the Second Battle of Kamino and the Battle of New Bornalex, but during the failed Mission to Norval II, they suffered heavy losses at the hands of Galactic Republic forces, along with their Mandalorian masters.[4]
Since the fastest way to reach the ruins of the Temple was through The Works, the industrial sector of the planet, Carsen led the Knight to the closest access elevator in the Justicars' Sector.[3] Within The Works, the two Jedi fought their way through rogue droids and Imperial forces in order to venture into the Temple.[3]
In 3643 BBY, near the end of the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire, a battle occurred on the planet Tython between the forces of the Nautolan Dark Jedi Bengel Morr and a Jedi Padawan. Morr, the former Padawan of Jedi Master Orgus Din, had gone missing after the Sacking of Coruscant and the destruction of the original Jedi Temple by the Sith Empire ten years earlier. The Jedi had recently discovered that the Nautolan had gone insane and was marshaling Tython's native Flesh Raiders against the Jedi Order in an attempt to destroy them.
The Battle of Hoth severely demoralized the Republic Military, breaking the momentum generated by the recent victory at Alderaan and leading to the Republic's eventual acceptance of the Treaty of Coruscant, which ended the war in 3653 BBY. Over fifteen years after the battle, the wreckage of the destroyed ships turned the planet's icy surface into a hotly contested battleground. Both the Empire and the Republic battled each other and the White Maw pirate organization in an effort to salvage what they could of the prototype technology lost in the last war.
Content approaching. Darth Vader Annual 2, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, Thrawn: Treason, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (novelization), Tooth and Claw, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars: The Rebel Files–class.
Born 900 years before the Battle of Endor,[1] Yoda belonged to an ancient and mysterious species.[3] As he was keenly attuned to the Force, he joined the Jedi Order as a youngling. After undergoing the ritual known as the Gathering, he received his kyber crystal, and Professor Huyang helped him construct his first lightsaber aboard the Crucible.[13][14] Thereafter, Yoda was paired up with a personal mentor. During their time together, Yoda's Jedi Master told him the tale of K'ungfu and Chuang, two great Jedi of the past.[4] Around the age of 100, Yoda was ready to pass on what he had learned. Having attained the rank of Master, he spent the next eight centuries training and tutoring generations of Jedi.[2] It was estimated that over his lifetime, he trained around 20,000 Jedi.[15]
In 3681 BBY,[3] a revived Sith Empire invaded the territory of the Galactic Republic, sparking the Great Galactic War. In the early days of the war, the Republic suffered repeated losses across the Outer Rim Territories of the galaxy at the hands of the Imperial Military's lightning-fast strikes and well-coordinated tactics. The Republic Military, taken aback by the blitz, was slow to react to the assault, allowing the Imperials to seize greater territory and strike fear into the hearts of Republic citizens. Although the efficiency of the Sith war machine prevented accurate reports from the front lines to spread quickly, news of the Empire's strength soon began to permeate throughout the Republic. Reports of the destruction of a diplomatic convoy at the farthest reaches of the galaxy, the defection of the Aparo sector, the scattering of a Republic fleet in the Tingel Arm, the Sith reclamation of Korriban, and the Empire's massacre of Sluis Van's defenders all served to mount tensions and fears&#8212;particularly in the heart of the Republic, the capital world of Coruscant.[1]
Although Xiono struggled to maintain his cover as a mechanic, an occupation in which he had no prior experience, he was able to impress the platform's community by competing against Torra Doza in his first race on the Colossus, as well as helping to defend it from the Warbird gang. He was later a leading figure in the Colossus resistance against the First Order, helping to liberate the station.
Armitage Hux was a human male who served as a general in the military forces of the First Order during the New Republic Era. With the support of Supreme Leader Snoke, Hux took command of Starkiller Base and promoted the development of new technology that allowed the First Order fleet to track targets through hyperspace. However, Snoke's death ruined the young general's career trajectory, as did the years that Hux spent jockeying for power against his rival Kylo Ren, who seized control of the First Order as the new Supreme Leader.
The Jedi studied the Pulas, and while they were uncertain as to the exact powers that the crystal possessed, they recognized the relic to be dangerous, and the Believer attack helped persuade the Academy's headmaster, Jedi Master Lanius Qel-Bertuk, that the Believer presence on Almas made it unsafe for the artifact to be kept on the world. Qel-Bertuk contacted the Jedi High Council, the governing body of the Jedi Order, and after some negotiation it was agreed that the Pulas would be transported to the Jedi Temple on the planet Coruscant for safekeeping. However, the Believers continued with their efforts to steal the Pulas. During the first night the artifact was housed within the Almas Academy, a band of Believers broke into the school and attempted to seize the artifact. The cultists were again unsuccessful, and the group all committed suicide to avoid capture by the Jedi.[1]
Following their successful operation to destroy Starkiller Base, Resistance fighters evacuate their main base on the planet D'Qar onto their fleet. Before they can complete their evacuation, First Order starships under General Armitage Hux arrive. Seeking to destroy the Resistance, Hux orders Captain Moden Canady to destroy the Resistance fleet and base with his Dreadnought Fulminatrix.
The Talisman of the Raven had been impregnated with the energy of the raven's ur-spirit,[1] granting its wearer the power to take the shape of the black bird.[1][4] In order to draw on the ur-raven's power, the wearer needed to give the stone a twist.[4] That effect could also be achieved accidentally by the impact of a blow imparted to the ring.[5] If the Talisman was lost or destroyed while the user was still subsumed by the ur-raven, the user would be trapped in raven form.[6]
Malakili was a human male born on Corellia,[1] a planet in the galaxy's Core Worlds.[6] Malakili departed Corellia at a young age, winding up in the slums[4] of the Outer Rim moon[7] Nar Shaddaa. Skilled with handling beasts, Malakili spent his childhood training vicious creatures called gugverms to stop stealing from local food stores; with time, the gugverms became Malakili's pets, friends, and protectors.[4] Eventually, Malakili was hired as a beastmaster for traveling[1] Hutt circuses,[4] such as Circus Horrificus,[5] in which he domesticated and taught a variety of creatures, including sand dragons, kill-wings, costumed womp rats, and eventually rancors, monstrous creatures no one else could tame.[4] His circus career ended after a show on Nar Shaddaa, when one of the dangerous beasts got loose and killed audience members.[1]
The human sisters Tula and Tace were both born on the planet Alderaan but chose very separate paths in life: Tula came to serve as an officer of the Galactic Empire during its war against the Rebel Alliance, while Tace joined the cloistered musical group known as the Melodic Order as a musician.[1] In the year 0 BBY,[2] during Tula's service to the Empire, Alderaan was destroyed by the Imperial Death Star superweapon; however, she continued her Imperial service obediently. Tace, meanwhile, initially remained unaware of her homeworld's fate, as her employers at Club Deeja on the planet Naboo decided their musicians would perform better without such terrible news.[1]
Intent on fulfilling their obligation to the Queen, Tott Doneeta, Cay and Ulic Qel-Droma went into the wilderness of Onderon, where, after being shot down in the Nebulon Ranger by the Beast Riders' perimeter defenses, they crashed in the wildlands. After crashing, they encountered and tamed wild boma beasts, and learned from them that a wedding between Oron Kira and Galia was just beginning. The bomas brought the Jedi to the forest citadel, where they found the wedding already in progress between the Beast-Lord and the Princess. After abruptly halting the ceremony and attempting to rescue Galia, the Jedi were surprised to learn from her that the wedding, like the abduction, had been secretly arranged years prior. They were then invited by Oron Kira's father, Modon Kira, to stay and join in the festivities. After the ceremony, Jedi Knight Ulic Qel-Droma suggested that the newly weds present their marriage to the Queen, in hopes that their union would sway the Amanoa into finally accepting a peaceful settlement between the warring factions. Kira agreed, and traveled with the Jedi and his new wife to the great walled city requesting an audience with the Queen.
The Talisman of the Raven allowed its user to assume the shape of a raven. Such pieces of arcane technology were created by the Witches of Dathomir, a society of all-female Force-users. Both Sith alchemists and Jedi scholars could not fully explain how the artifacts worked and unsuccessfully tried to replicate their effects. A Talisman of Transformation,[1] the Talisman of the Raven consisted of a red gemstone set in a golden ring.[4]
Content approaching. Before the Awakening, Age of Resistance - General Hux 1, Phasma, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, The Last Jedi Adaptation 6, Allegiance 4,Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Galaxy's Edge 4, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary–class.
After its return to galactic prominence in 3681 BBY,[11] the reconstituted Sith Empire stabbed into Galactic Republic space in a brutal campaign for domination.[12] As the Great Galactic War dragged on, the Sith seized much of the Outer Rim Territories and continued to advance toward the Republic's bastion worlds near the galaxy's center, known as the Core Worlds. Despite two major setbacks at the Mid Rim planet of Bothawui[13] in 3671 BBY,[14] the Empire continued to press their offensive in the hope of ending the war quickly.[13] The Empire's ruling Dark Council also sought to take revenge on the Republic for the capture of the six Sith Lords known as the Dread Masters a year earlier, as the loss of the Dread Masters' power angered the Council.[15] To that end, the Core Worlds became an even greater focus, and in this region lay Alderaan, a verdant and historically tranquil planet that had long been a voice for peace in the Republic's Galactic Senate. Alderaan was seen as the soul of the principles the Republic had been founded on, and it was that reputation that made it a military target for opportunistic Sith commanders hoping to capitalize on what had the potential to be a major blow to Republic morale.[4]
Orson Callan Krennic was a human male born in Sativran City on the planet Lexrul in the year 51 BBY. At the age of fifteen, he earned a place in the Galactic Republic's Future Program on Brentaal, wherein he met and befriended fellow student Galen Erso. The two worked well together, but the older Erso shrank in the shadow of Krennic's personality and charisma. Although Krennic's listed area of excellence was architecture, his counselors noted that Krennic's ability to manipulate and read others was just as effective.[1] After a time in the program, he was offered a position in the Republic Corps of Engineers and joined it, which led to him supervising large onworld and deep space construction projects. This increased influence allowed Krennic to land Erso a visiting professorship at the Institute of Applied Science[3] at the time when Erso had focused on kyber crystal research.[1]
By the time of the Imperial era, the Great Heep was already ancient. The Heep was an agent of the Abominor, an extra-galactic species of advanced, self-constructing droids, which exterminated or enslaved organic life on thousands of worlds as they stripped them of their natural resources. When the Abominor fought a war against the Silentium, a droid species which favored order over the asymmetry and chaos of the Abominor, the dominant organic species were able to regroup and drive both machine societies from their galaxy.[3][4] At least 300 years prior to the formation of the Galactic Empire, the Great Heep somehow ended up being shut down, with his lifeless body placed in the Braltzamir Museum of Antiquated Machinery on the capital world of the known galaxy, Coruscant. The Great Heep's display was eventually discovered during the early Imperial era by Admiral Terrinald Screed of the Imperial Navy. Alongside a team of students from the Imperial Engineers Academy, Screed was able to reactivate the Abominor.[4]
Doctor Cylo was a specialist in cybernetics whose research eventually led him to believe that technological superiority was inevitable, and that mystical aspects of the universe, such as the Force, were obsolete. To that aim, he began research on creating new forms of life, depending on technological augmentations, which he created using illegal alien parts smuggled to his research base in conjunction with cybernetic upgrades. His experiments eventually included himself when created a map of his personality, completed with memory banks and plug-in calculation systems, to make himself into an immortal system. As such, he could grow several upgraded bodies of himself; when one body died, another was activated at his research base with no memory of what had happened to the old body. By the time of the Battle of Yavin, Cylo had already lost three bodies and was using the one known as Cylo-IV.[5]
During the reign of the Galactic Empire, the Empire sterilized the planet Geonosis, killing[6] all Geonosian life on the planet except for a single Geonosian drone, nicknamed "Klik-Klak" by the Lothal rebels[7] of Phoenix Cell when they undertook[8] a mission to investigate Geonosis alongside rebel extremist Saw Gerrera and his Partisans[8] in 2 BBY.[9] An unhatched egg containing the last insectoid Geonosian queen also survived under Klik-Klak's protection. The egg hatched eventually and the next Karina was born; thereby ensuring the survival of the Geonosian specifies.[10] However, Karina was injured by Imperial bombs sometime later, and was left unable to produce offspring.[5] By 0 ABY she had[4] taken up residence in a subterranean lair and attached herself to a droid factory in an attempt to continue her race using the factory as her womb and the battle droids it produced as her "children."[5]
Born in 19 BBY alongside her twin brother, Luke Skywalker, Organa's mother died in childbirth and her father had fallen to the dark side of the Force, becoming the Sith Lord Darth Vader. She was taken to Alderaan and raised as a member of the House of Organa, eventually succeeding to her adoptive father's post in the Imperial Senate. During the early days of the Galactic Civil War, Organa helped the Rebel Alliance obtain schematics on the Death Star, resulting in the battle station's destruction at the Battle of Yavin, although not before its superweapon destroyed Organa's homeworld. During a mission on Tatooine, Organa was taken prisoner and treated like a slave by Jabba Desilijic Tiure until she managed to strangle the Hutt crime lord to death, earning her the title "Huttslayer."
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
She then speculated that the meteors would cause catastrophic seismic activity on the planet and potentially cause it to start spinning again, since it was held stationary by Cynda's presence in its orbit. Deltic suggested that the destruction of Cynda might make no changes to Gorse at all or possibly destroy the planet's entire biome in the next ten years. Deltic also warned of the possibility that Cynda's destruction would cause the breakdown of large amounts of the thorilide located there, which would prevent them from harvesting it, and suggested that a test should be carried out to make sure the moon was not being destroyed for nothing.[1]
Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
Over the next decade, the galaxy was on the verge of civil war with entire star systems&#8212;led by Count Dooku, Yoda's one-time Padawan&#8212;threatening to secede from the Republic by 22 BBY. Unable to defend the entire Republic on their own, the Jedi took command of the newly-formed Grand Army of the Republic, with Yoda himself leading an army of clone troopers against the Separatist Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems in the first battle of the Clone Wars. For three years Yoda led the Republic military's war effort as a Jedi General, determined to bring a swift and decisive end to the conflict, but his efforts were undermined by Darth Sidious, the Dark Lord of the Sith who conspired to destroy the Jedi and restore the Sith to power. After the Jedi Purge commenced in 19 BBY, killing thousands of Jedi both on Coruscant and across the galaxy, Yoda confronted the self-declared Galactic Emperor but failed to cut short Sidious' reign and consequently retreated into exile, leaving the Sith Master to consolidate his power with a new apprentice, the former Anakin Skywalker-turned-Darth Vader, at his side. His remaining years were spent living in isolation on the remote world of Dagobah until Anakin's son, Luke Skywalker sought out the legendary Grand Master in the hope of becoming a Jedi Knight. A year later, with his health rapidly declining, Yoda died of old age and became one with the Force in 4 ABY.
Naddists[3]1 Sith sorcerer[3]King Ommin[3]Dark Side Army[4]1 Dark Jedi[4]Warb Null&dagger;[4]Dark Side Adepts[4]Novar[4]Naddist troops[3]Darksider battalions[4]Sith war droids[4]Groundborer[3]
Born on the planet Stewjon in 57 BBY, Kenobi was inducted into the Jedi Order at a young age and became the apprentice of Qui-Gon Jinn after completing his initial lessons under Grand Master Yoda. During the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY, Kenobi defeated the Sith Lord Darth Maul and was awarded the status of Jedi Knight. Kenobi also began training Anakin Skywalker, having promised his dying master that the boy would become a Jedi, but often had to rein in his adventure-seeking apprentice. Over the years, Kenobi became concerned that Skywalker's powers made him arrogant but also regarded him as a good friend and a brother, and ultimately believed that Skywalker was in fact the Chosen One destined to restore balance to the Force by destroying the Sith.
