1	Wedge Antilles var en legendarisk Corelliansk X-wing pilot, efterretningsagent, og general der kæmpede for Oprørsalliancen og Den Nye Republik fra de tidligste dage i Den Galaktiske Borgerkrig til Yuuzhan Vong Krigen og videre.
3	In the aftermath of the Battle of Endor, Organa began learning the ways of the Force as her brother Luke Skywalker's apprentice. Though she constructed her own lightsaber, Organa did not complete her training as a Jedi and instead resumed her political career. Organa also married the Corellian smuggler Han Solo, an event followed by the birth of their son, Ben Solo. As the years passed, Organa was sidelined by a new generation of political leaders in the Galactic Senate. As the First Order rose in place of the fallen Empire, Organa struck out on her own to oppose them as founder of the Resistance. Organa's personal life, however, was struck by tragedy. Ben, whom Organa's brother mentored as part of an initiative to restore the Jedi Order, turned to the dark side and became the First Order warlord Kylo Ren.
2	Boba brukte skipet sammen med dusørjegerne Aurra Sing og Bossk for å føre sin personlige hevn over Jangos morder, Mace Windu. Hevntoktet ende i at skipet ble satt ut av spill av Anakin Skywalkers padawan, Ahsoka Tano. Skipet, med Aurra Sing krasjet på planeten Florrum. Piratlederen Hondo Ohnaka oppdaget skipets unikitet og reparerte det og malte det grønt. Boba klarte å ta skipet sitt tilbake.
1	I denne periode skulle Alliancen også kæmpe med andre fjendtlige styrker der truede med at skille Alliancen ad. Vrede fra flere medlemsplaneter over lederskabsstilen førte til en  konference på Kabray der dog hurtigt blev løst af Prinsesse Leia og hendes Zeltron hjælpere. Hiromi Imperiet prøvede også at skille Alliancen ad, ved at bruge deres insideragent Hirog til at skabe en krig mellem to medlemsracer, Ewok og Lahsbee. Dette kunne have skabt en borgerkrig hvis Alliancens medlemmer var tvunget til at tage parti, men heldigvis blev dette også forhindret.
3	If you are considering joining the project, take a look at our mission. If you would like to join, please add your name with three tildes (~~~) at the bottom of the page under the "Participants" section.
2	Etter invasjonen måtte Gunray prøve å presse dronning Amidala av Naboo til å undertegne en traktat som ville lovliggjøre invasjonen. Imidlertid greide hun å flykte ved hjelp av jediene Qui-Gon Jinn og Obi-Wan Kenobi. Senere kom dronningen tilbake til Naboo, slo seg sammen med gungerne, og fanget Gunray personlig - invasjonen var over.
3	With the fall of the New Republic, large swathes of the galaxy fell to the forces of the First Order, which had been taken over by Organa's son in his capacity as the new Supreme Leader. During the last months of her life, Organa shared her knowledge of the Jedi ways with Rey, a scavenger from Jakku, and with her dying breath she reached out to Ren before becoming one with the Force. Organa's sacrifice facilitated the redemption of Ben Solo, whose death ended the Skywalker bloodline in 35 ABY. Rey, having renounced her dark lineage, assumed the Skywalker surname to honor her late mentors.
1	Filmen tager sted toogtredive år før ''Star Wars'': Episode IV ''A New Hope (Et Nyt Håb), den første film udgivet i sagaen, og begynder med to Jedier som prøver at løse en handelsuenighed og eventuelt en invasion på planeten Naboo af Handelsfederationen. Jedierne ved dog ikke at situationen bliver manipuleret af Sheev Palpatine, Senatoren af Naboo og i hemmelighed en Dark Lord of the Sith kaldt Darth Sidious. Sitherne, de ældgamle fjender af Jedierne, afslører dem selv efter et tusind år i skjul; mens Jedierne finder en ung, Tatooine slave, ved navn Anakin Skywalker, den Udvalgte forudbestemt til at bringe balance i Kraften - og som vil vokse op for at blive Darth Vader. Imellemtiden, kæmper Padmé Amidala af Naboo for at rede hendes folk fra invasionen.
3	Though the First Order was officially formed in 29 ABY, having incorporated the Centrist star systems that seceded from the New Republic, its origins date back to a vast conspiracy decades in the making. The Contingency, crafted by Emperor Palpatine before his demise, ensured the fall of the Galactic Empire and its rebirth through a cadre of Imperial officers, nobles, and technologists that fled into the Unknown Regions by the end of the Galactic Civil War. In time, Imperial-era leaders like Grand Admiral Rae Sloane, General Brendol Hux, and Allegiant General Enric Pryde would make way for the rise of Supreme Leader Snoke. In addition, the old leadership was supplanted by a new generation of adherents to the ideals of the Empire, such as Kylo Ren, General Armitage Hux, and Captain Phasma.
3	Content approaching. Dooku: Jedi Lost, Master &amp; Apprentice, Balance, Queen's Shadow, The Cost, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of the Force–class.
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
3	Snoke was a Force-sensitive humanoid male who rose to absolute power as Supreme Leader of the First Order during the New Republic Era. A master of the Force and a seeker of arcane lore, Snoke possessed the knowledge and power that made him the undisputed heir to the Contingency crafted by the Sith Lord Darth Sidious before his demise. Though not a Sith, Snoke was nonetheless a master of the dark side of the Force, and influenced Ben Solo into abandoning the Jedi path to become his apprentice, Kylo Ren.
3	Jarek Yeager was a human male mechanic who owned a repair shop on the Colossus during the era of the New Republic. A former rebel pilot, commander, and veteran of the Galactic Civil War, Yeager once served with the Alliance to Restore the Republic. After the war, he sought a quiet, peaceful life and, therefore, retired to a refueling installation located on the ocean planet Castilon in the galaxy's Outer Rim Territories.
3	Born in 46 BBY during the Age of the Republic, Padmé Naberrie was raised by her parents, Ruwee Naberrie and his wife Jobal, on the peaceful Mid Rim world of Naboo. Despite the humble background of the Naberrie family, Padmé was identified early for her potential in public service. Devoting her life to civic duty, she was elected queen and, therefore, adopted the regnal name "Amidala" in 32 BBY. Due to the machinations of her advisor, Senator Sheev Palpatine, Amidala's reign was put to the test by the Trade Federation's blockade and subsequent invasion of Naboo. Unable to fight the Federation's army of battle droids without assistance, the queen beseeched the Galactic Senate on Coruscant for help, only to see her efforts hampered by bureaucracy and procedure. Although she ultimately liberated her homeworld with the help of the Jedi Order and the Gungan Grand Army, her decision to cast a Vote of No Confidence against Finis Valorum enabled Palpatine to become the Supreme Chancellor.
1	Kort tid senere mødte han Boba Fett, Jango Fetts søn. Fett ville have et job som dusørjæger hos Jabba, men for at bevise sine evner skulle han først besejre en anden dusørjæger, Durge, i en duel.
3	Maz Kanata was a Force-sensitive humanoid female who was born over a millennium before the brewing war between the First Order and the Resistance. Living in an ancient castle on the planet Takodana, Kanata gained a reputation as a "pirate queen" by allowing traveling smugglers to reside in her home&#8212;as long as they honored her prohibitions against politics and war. Kanata spent centuries traveling the galaxy, collecting antiques and trinkets which she kept inside the storehouses and vaults of her castle. One notable item was the lightsaber crafted by Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker during the Clone Wars, and later wielded by Skywalker's son, Luke, who was instrumental in toppling the Galactic Empire.
3	During the First Order–Resistance war, Colossus resistance members Jarek Yeager, Kazuda Xiono, CB-23, and the pirate Synara San undertook a mission on the planet Varkana to rescue the Resistance agent Norath Kev, who had been captured by the bounty hunter Ax Tagrin. After a skirmish with Tagrin, Kaz's team managed to locate Norath aboard Ax's ship Dalkor Dagger. Though Tagrin trapped them, Kaz, CB-23 and Norath managed to sabotage the ship's engines, bringing it down. While Yeager and Synara fought with Tagrin, Kaz and Norath fled on a speeder bike and tried to contact the Colossus for a pick-up.
3	However, the First Order was alerted by Ax to their presence and dispatched forces to Varkana. Tagrin managed to capture Yeager, Synara, and CB-23, whom he handed over to Commander Pyre and Agent Tierny. Kaz and Norath mounted a rescue mission and infiltrated the First Order base by disguising themselves as stormtroopers. CB-23 managed to free herself. After overpowering their First Order captors and Tagrin, they managed to escape Varkana with the help of Ace Squadron and Captain Imanuel Doza.
3	Ten years[5] after the culmination of the Great Sith War, the galaxy remained in a prolonged state of recovery, a direct result of the devastation wrought by the chief instigator of the war&#8212;Dark Lord Exar Kun and his Sith Brotherhood. While the Sith were defeated and their Dark Lord ultimately destroyed on the jungle moon of Yavin 4,[6] Ulic Qel-Droma&#8212;Kun's protégé and co-conspirator of the conflict&#8212;survived, though at great personal cost. He had been rendered Force-blind by the Jedi Knight Nomi Sunrider.[1] Furthermore, the fallen Jedi had never been held accountable for his role in the events, and was instead allowed to roam the galaxy a free man. Despite having renounced his position as a Sith Lord, Qel-Droma was still haunted by his transgressions and wished to retreat entirely from galactic notice in perpetual exile.[6] Keeping his identity secret, he hired a fervent Jedi-enthusiastic spacer named Hoggon to take him somewhere far-removed where he could spend the rest of his days in solitude. After visiting several planets he deemed unsuitable for one reason or another, Qel-Droma finally settled for the ice world of Rhen Var.[5]
2	Nå ble Jango dusørjeger, og brukte sin mandaloriske drakt i arbeidet. I jakten på sine ofre brukte han skipet Slave I, prototype av et nytt politiskip som han faktisk stjal. Jango ble raskt velkjent for sine bedrifter, og særlig for å ha drept mange jedier i slaget på Galidraan.
1	Skibet blev givet til Kaptajn Zsinj af Kejser Palpatine efter hans forfremmelse til Admiral kort tid før  Slaget om Endor. Zsinj, der var meget stolt over skibet, omdøbte det til Iron Fist for at ære sit første skib.
3	The Final Order's origins date back to the reign of the First Galactic Empire; an authoritarian regime, the Empire was ruled by Emperor Palpatine, who was in fact the Sith Lord Darth Sidious. With the Emperor's death, the Empire collapsed and gave way to the rise of the New Republic. Secreted in the depths of the Unknown Regions, however, was the planet Exegol, a Sith redoubt where dark-side cultists spent years building a force that would not emerge for a generation. A fleet of Xyston-class Star Destroyers, armed with planet-killing technology, and an army of loyal Sith troopers were the fruits of their labor.
1	The Phantom Menace var udgivet i teatre d. 19 Maj, 1999, og kom ud 16 år efter den sidste Star Wars film, Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi. Udgivelsen kom med en ekstensiv presseomtale og gode forhåbninger af fans. Udover at den fik miksede anmeldelser, tjente den $924,3 million, som gjorde den til den mest tjente Star Wars film. Filmen var genudgivet på Blu-ray i September, 2011, og var genudgivet i biografer i 3D d. 10. februar, 2012.
3	Following the loss of R2-D2 during the Battle of Bothawui, R3-S6 was assigned to Jedi General Anakin Skywalker as a replacement.[2] Unbeknownst to Skywalker and his padawan, Ahsoka Tano, R3-S6 was acting as a covert confederate agent, attempting to facilitate the sale of R2-D2 to General Grievous.[3]
2	Til tross for at Imperiets taktikere hadde begynt å se hensikten bak angrepet, og at det kunne være sjanse for tap, nektet guvernør Tarkin å sende ut flere skvadroner, ei heller å forberede en potensiell rømning.
2	Zabraks var i stand til avl med mennesker, og en hybrid sub-arter har utviklet seg på Dathomir kalt Dathomirians, dannet fra paring av Nightbrother Zabraks og Nightsister mennesker.
3	Separatist agent Asajj Ventress challenged Yoda to avoid her droid forces on Rugosa, proposing that Katuunko ally with the Confederacy if the Grand Master was unable. Yoda and the clone troopers were eventually forced to confront the droids but retreated into a cave to recover after Thire was injured. Rys and his clone brethren then emerged together with the Jedi to defeat the Confederate forces and complete the journey to reach Katuunko. After saving the king from Ventress, Yoda was promised the allegiance of the Toydarian people, and Rys and his comrades were picked up by Republic forces.
2	Nå har jeg endelig gjort det - jeg har meldt meg på en datatreff og jeg tror slett ikke at det skal bli vanskelig å matche meg med noen. Jeg er en ganske normal mann. Er bare litt urolig for svaret jeg gav til spørsmålet om jeg hadde noen hobbyer. Der skrev jeg "pulverisere universet." Jeg håper ingen tror at jeg bare skryter og skravler.
3	Dooku: Jedi Lost, Master &amp; Apprentice, Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1, Age of Republic - Jango Fett 1, Choose Your Destiny: A Clone Trooper Mission, Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel, Tarkin, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, The Crimson Corsair and the Lost Treasure of Count Dooku, Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy
3	During the Galactic Civil War, the Aeosians allowed the Alliance to Restore the Republic to operate a rebel outpost on Aeos Prime. By the time of the New Republic, the outpost had been abandoned. During the war between the First Order and the Resistance,[1] the First Order learned of the old rebel outpost on Aeos Prime. Wishing to destroy any old rebel bases to prevent the Resistance from making use of them,[5] the First Order attacked Aeos Prime, destroying an Aeosian village.[1]
1	The search for Artoo continues as the Jawas hold a sale back at their sandcrawler.  R2-D2 is one of the droids on display and gets the interest of one General Grievous.  Grievous takes Artoo to his base but the droid eludes his captors and sends distress signal before hiding in a closet.  Onboard the Twilight, Anakin Skywalker and Ahsoka Tano detect the signal.  The Twilight jumps into hyperspace along with the attack shuttle, a V-19, and an ARC-170.
2	Rett Star Wars Episode I: Den kjulte trussel? Det er vel den skjulte og ikke kjulte. Heldigvis er det skrevet riktig i artikkelen om filmen. Adminmal så får ikke gjort noe med den.
3	In 4 BBY, Bridger learned that his parents were killed while attempting to escape from prison. The young Jedi, already having struggled with his dark side, became more conflicted, coming to a head on the ancient Sith world of Malachor where he recovered a Sith holocron in the hopes of destroying the Sith. He also encountered the former Sith Lord Maul, who hoped to make Bridger his apprentice&#8212;particularly once Bridger used the dark side to open the holocron. This briefly strained his apprenticeship with Jarrus, who was blinded by Maul on Malachor, but the two repaired their relationship and continued to progress as Jedi.
3	One day in 15 BBY, the starship Sand Sloth crash-landed in the scrapyard. Proto One approached two of its occupants&#8212;the protocol droid C-3PO and the astromech droid R2-D2&#8212;who had been ejected from their vehicle during the crash. He introduced himself and earned the affection of R2-D2, but C-3PO was reluctant to trust him, even after he directed the protocol droid's three Human masters to a nearby medical unit to tend to the injured arm of Jord Dusat, one of their own. Before the five newcomers departed in their landspeeder, the White Witch, Proto One was recruited to fix the Sand Sloth by its owner, Kea Moll.[1]
3	This template should be used for general spoilers&#8212;any spoiler whose source material does not have a more specific template. More precise guidelines will be determined in the future.
3	Content approaching. The New Trooper, The Core Problem, The Disappeared, Descent, No Escape: Part 1, No Escape: Part 2, Star Wars Resistance Season Two–class.
3	In 1000 BBY, a lightsaber duel was fought on the planet Lehon between two Dark Lords of the Sith: the Twi'lek Blademaster Kas'im and his former apprentice, Darth Bane. Kas'im followed Bane to Lehon and found him in the Rakatan Temple of the Ancients, where he presented the Human with the choice of either rejoining the Brotherhood of Darkness to which Bane had once belonged, or making Lehon his final resting place. When Bane refused, an intense lightsaber duel ensued.
3	Following her reign, Amidala joined the Senate and struggled to resolve the Separatist Crisis through diplomacy, becoming a leading voice in the Loyalist Committee by 22 BBY. After surviving an assassination attempt, she was removed from the capital and sent back to Naboo under the protection of Padawan Anakin Skywalker. Though the Jedi Code forbade personal relationships, deeming attachment and possession unbecoming of a Jedi, the two gradually became closer as their feelings for each other grew. In the aftermath of the Battle of Geonosis, Amidala secretly married her Jedi protector, despite her own reservations about their relationship and the consequences they would face if the truth ever came to light. Their subsequent interactions were limited throughout the Clone Wars, with Amidala continuing to advocate peaceful solutions in the Senate while Skywalker served on the front lines as a Jedi General in the Grand Army of the Republic. In the waning months of the pan-galactic conflict, Amidala revealed to her husband that she was pregnant. As a result of Skywalker's fear of loss, he was seduced by the dark side of the Force, believing that by becoming a Sith Lord he would gain the power to prevent his wife from dying in childbirth. Amidala, who learned of her husband's transformation into a Sith, ultimately died of a broken heart after giving birth to the twins Luke Skywalker and Leia Amidala Skywalker. With her dying breath, she claimed that there was still good in the former Anakin Skywalker, who embraced the persona of Darth Vader throughout the reign of the Galactic Empire.
2	Filmene er heller ikke fastsatt i sted. Handlinger utspiller seg innenfor en galakse. I Star Wars-universet er det bare en rase, Yuuzhan Vongene, som kommer fra en annen galakse (disse finnes bare i bokserien New Jedi Order). Det som kan bli sagt om filmene er at episode IV, V og VI viser et møkkete og nedslitt miljø, noe som er atypisk for science fictionfilmer. I intervju har George Lucas fortalt at de smurte nye rekvisiter med gjørme og møkk for å få de til å se utslitte ut, noe som han skildret som «a used future» (en brukt fremtid). Det kan spekulerest i om at Lucas ble inspirert av Sergio Leone, som i 1960-år gjorde mye det samme i Westernsjangeren. De tre nye filmene er satt i et rent, elegant og futuristisk miljø, mer i tråd med hovedparten av science fiction-filmer.
1	Set fra dem i Core Worlds, var konflikten ses som en "børste krig", og en, at Core ville være isoleret fra. Scrambas var ikke tilfreds med den vurdering, dog, og han blev retfærdiggjort i sin tænkning, når Clone Wars spredt over hele galaksen. Alderaan selv blev truet af den konfødererede forhånd mange gange, [1], og under Operation Durge's Lance, faldt planeten Duro til den konfødererede General Grievous, [4] gør Scrambas's Homeworld særligt sårbare. Han fandt sig konstant kæmper i forreste linje mod Sydstaterne, og efter flere ture i told, blev han overført til den personlige garde af senator Prestor Bail Organa
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
3	Windu's actions led Palpatine to brand the Jedi as traitors to the Republic. The chancellor executed Order 66, and clone troopers across the galaxy turned against and killed their Jedi leaders, marking the fall of the Jedi Order. Palpatine transformed the Republic into the Galactic Empire, and the Emperor's new regime promoted anti-Jedi sentiment across the galaxy. Through propaganda, the Empire portrayed Windu as the leader of a criminal gang of Jedi who caused the outbreak of the Clone Wars. In spite of the propaganda, some of Windu's actions were remembered with fondness; General Cham Syndulla, who served alongside Windu during the Battle of Ryloth, remembered Windu with great respect and told the tale of how Windu helped him liberate Ryloth during the war.
3	The mining operation soon produced the first batch of fuel ore for the Empire and the Heep met Screed as the admiral arrived to collect it and to take custody of the captive Baobab.[2] That night, as the Heep recharged by draining energy from the astromech droid KT-10, C-3PO infiltrated the droid harem and warned the other astromechs about the Heep's intentions. Hearing the commotion, the Heep used his magnetic grapple to reach inside the droid harem and grab C-3PO. As punishment for the protocol droid's defiance, the Heep ordered C-3PO to be dismantled for use as spare parts, but C-3PO's warning prompted R2-D2 to escape from the harem. The following day, the Heep was processing fuel ore when he spotted the errant astromech droid. Intending to recharge from R2-D2, the Heep caught the other droid with his magnetic grapple, but R2-D2 disconnected the magnet's power cable and dropped to a conveyor belt below. R2-D2 escaped into the ore processing machinery, where he linked up with C-3PO, who had escaped custody before he could be dismantled. When the two droids re-emerged, the Heep was waiting and caught both in a container, which he sealed and disposed of in a laser furnace.[2]
3	Content approaching. Last Shot, Star Wars: On the Front Lines, The High Tower, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy, The Last Jedi: Bomber Command, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual and Alphabet Squadron, The Mandalorian Chapter 3, The Mandalorian Chapter 6–class.
1	Men de trak sig ikke tilbage længe. Med Danni Quee lavede Luke Skywalker, Anakin Solo, og Mara Jade en plan om at fryse Yammosken i isplaneten ved at sende dens egen energi tilbage med nogle Skjoldeskibe der var tilbage fra Lando's operation på Nkllon. Yuuzhan Vong styrkerne, der havde deres Coralskippere spredt efter det først angreb, var ikke forberedt.
3	Bane, who was considerably stronger in the Force, maintained the offensive in the beginning of the duel. The tide turned when Kas'im split his double-bladed lightsaber into two separate weapons and attacked his opponent with a previously unrealized degree of ferocity. Bane was forced onto the defensive, and was just barely able to maneuver his way out of the temple before Kas'im blasted him with a wave of Force energy. Bane reciprocated the attack, and Kas'im absorbed its brunt by shielding himself with the Force. The temple entrance in which Kas'im stood, however, was obliterated by Bane's exertion, and the Twi'lek was unable to avoid being crushed to death under the tons of rubble that fell upon him.
3	For more speakers, simply add more unnamed parameters, up to a maximum of ten lines. See the Template:Dialogue page for more specifics. Try to keep your dialogues as short as possible. If your dialogue exceeds ten lines, you will not be able to use the template at all and will have to simply use wiki code to emulate the standard format. The qualifier |lineX=trans will mark line X as spoken in subtitles or in a foreign language. The qualifier |lineX=no will remove quotation marks from the line in question as well as the italics, allowing the user to add a description of actions taken concurrent with a quote, if necessary, or to add other unusual text effects.
2	Etter redningsaksjonen møter de opp med kansleren i senatet og Obi-Wan lar Anakin ta æren for det vellykkede oppdraget mens han selv drar tilbake til jeditempelet. Etter å snakket med senatoren Bail Organa går Anakin inn i skyggen hvor hans hemmelige kone Padmé venter. Hun forteller han at hun er gravid.
3	Guri was a Human replica droid, designed to be an almost perfect replica of a Human female, and the only one of her kind engineered as an assassin. She was created around 7 BBY by the Imperial researchers Simonelle and Massad Thrumble for Prince Xizor, head of the Black Sun crime syndicate. After being sold to Xizor for nine million credits, Guri served as his lieutenant and was one of the few individuals the necessarily paranoid crime lord believed he could trust. Xizor left Guri to attend to much of the day to day running of Black Sun and many incorrectly assumed that she was the leader of the syndicate. Guri also served as an assassin, eliminating several of Xizor's enemies, including Imperial Advisor Fendrilon Koozar, the Ubese bounty hunter Boushh and the leaders of the rival company Ororo Transportation.
3	On August 6, 2018, The New York Times reported that Favreau's Star Wars series, which would be produced for Disney's new streaming service, was expected to cost around $100 million for 10 episodes. In an email to The New York Times, Favreau stated that the service would allow for the opportunity to tell stories that go for several chapters.[25] On October 26, 2018, it was reported that the rumored Boba Fett film had been scrapped, with Lucasfilm instead focusing on The Mandalorian.[26] On November 13, 2018, Pedro Pascal was reported to be in negotiations to play the lead role in the series.[27] The next day, Gina Carano was announced to have joined the cast according to Variety.[28] On November 30, Variety again reported that Nick Nolte had been added to the show's cast.[29] On December 12, Lucasfilm officially announced the cast, confirming Pascal's, Carano's, and Nolte's casting, along with Giancarlo Esposito, Emily Swallow, Carl Weathers, Omid Abtahi, and Werner Herzog.[7]
2	Jediordenen besto av en gruppe kraftsensitive vesener, som i over tusen generasjoner beskyttet freden og rettferdigheten i Republikken. Ordenen ble styrt av Jedirådet, som også gav råd til senatet, det hadde tolv medlemmer. Jediene hadde sitt hovedsete på Coruscant i det karakteristiske Jeditempelet, med sine fem tårn. I tillegg til Jedirådets tårn, har hvert av de andre tårnene har hver sin symbolske mening: Den Første Kunnskap, Forsoning og Omdisponering. Høyest av alle tårner Stillhetsspiret.
1	Dette våben kunne smadre et hvilket som helst planetært skjold eller ødelægge hele kontinenter.[5][7] Den massive superlaser blev mest brugt til at ødelægge fjendtlige storskibe og rumstationer i kamp.[8]
1	Som barn opdagede Hego tidligt at han havde særlige evner. Ved et tilfælde fandt han ud af at han kunne påvirke sine legekammeraters følelser og tanker, og Hego udforskede denne evne i løbet af et par måneder, indtil det kulminerede med at han fik en anden muun dreng, som han ikke brød sig om, til at begå selvmord ved at springe ud af et vindue. Efter dette blev den unge Hego introduceret for Rugess Nome, som havde arrangeret foreningen mellem hans forældre, og da Nome så, at hans forsøg havde båret frugt, tog Darth Tenebrous den unge muun som sin lærling. Caar Damask overgav villigt sin søn til Tenebrous i bytte for en forfremmelse i Bank Klanen, som den rige bith var i stand til at arrangere. Tenebrous gav sin lærling navnet Darth Plagueis.
1	Skibet gik oprindeligt under navnet Brawl, og var en af de første fire Executor-class Star Dreadnought bygget af Kuat Drive Yards til den Kejserlige flåde.
1	Efter at være blevet færdig med High School i 1950 tog John Williams kurser i klaver og komposition på UCLA og studerede privat hos pianisten Bobby van Eps. Efter at have aftjent sin værnepligt i flyvevåbnet fra 1952-54, tilbragte han et år på Juillard School of Music hvor han studerede klaver under Rosina Lhevinne. Mens han boede i New York arbejdede han også som jazz-pianist.
3	After the Battle of Hoth, Solo sought refuge with Organa&#8212;with whom he had fallen in love&#8212;Chewbacca, and C-3PO on Cloud City, which was operated by his old friend Lando Calrissian. There, they were captured by the Sith Lord Darth Vader as part of a trap to bait Skywalker to the city. Solo was frozen in carbonite and taken to Jabba's Palace on Tatooine by the bounty hunter Boba Fett, where he remained encased in carbonite for months until he was rescued by his friends. After returning to the Alliance Fleet, Solo was promoted to the rank of general and was given command of the Pathfinders, a special forces squad, for the Battle of Endor. Solo led the Pathfinders to Endor, where he, Organa, Chewbacca, and the special forces team, with the help of the native Ewoks, destroyed the shield generator protecting the second Death Star that was being constructed in orbit. Their actions allowed the Alliance Fleet to destroy the superweapon.
3	The following three years would see Clone Wars rage across the galaxy with the Separatists rapidly attempting to bring the Republic to its knees. Unknown to the majority of the galaxy, however, the war was merely a ploy&#8212;Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, the leader of the Republic, was a Sith Lord called Darth Sidious, who controlled the Separatists through Dooku, and therefore influenced both sides in the war. By 19 BBY, the Confederacy suffered several major defeats in the Outer Rim Sieges as the end of the war approached. After Dooku's death, the Separatist Council was executed on Mustafar. With the subsequent shutdown of the droid army, the state rapidly collapsed as the war came to an end. Following the end of hostilities, trade groups that had supported the cause were nationalized, and most of its remaining star systems rejoined the Republic's successor state; the Galactic Empire, whether voluntarily or under threat while some elements fragmented into several holdouts.
2	Jedien Sifo-Dyas bestilte en hemmelig hær av kloner av kaminoanerne i tiden etter Naboo-blokaden. Klonekilden ble håndplukket av en agent ved navn Tyranus. Valget falt på dusørjegeren Jango Fett, Jangos ekstreme talent ville kunne skape den perfekte krigeren. Ko Sai, den prosjektansvarlige, sørget for å endre genene noe. Inngrepene sørget for at klonene kunne vokse dobbelt så fort, og gjorde dem mer lydige. Resultat ble en gigantisk hær av identiske soldater, som var droidene langt overlegne.
3	The Pulas was a fist-sized, black-colored crystal that had forty facets. The relic radiated dark side energy and was considered to be a Sith artifact.[1]
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
1	Efter tiltintetgørelsen af Dødstjernen gjorde Oprørs Alliancen sig klar til at evakuere jungle månen, fordi de frygtede at imperiet ville angribe. Heldigvis var det meste af oprørsflåden, inklusiv Mon Calamari Star Cruiserne under Ackbar og flygtningeskibene der indeholdt Alliancens ledelse, ikke til stede under slaget og var spredt i galaksen.
1	På Wayland, klonede Joruus C'baoth Luke Skywalker ved at bruge den hånd Luke havde tabt på Cloud City. Klonen blev kaldt Luuke Skywalker og fik Anakin Skywalker's lyssværd.
1	Renegade Gruppen blev dræbt kort tid efter Slaget om Yavin under en mission på planeten Ison. Efter dette, blev Rogue Gruppen lavet om til Rogue Squadron, med Luke Skywalker som leder, og med nye piloter, såsom Tycho Celchu og Derek "Hobbie" Klivian. I løbet af borgerkrigen blev Rogue Squadron berømte, og frygtede af imperiet. Under Slaget om Hoth bestod eskadrillen af 11 piloter, men tog nogle 'gæster' med i deres eskadrille såsom smugleren Dash Rendar, for at få skytter nok til at bemande deres Snowspeedere. Rogue Squadron hold imperiets tropper tilbage længe nok, så de fleste af oprørerne fra Echo Base kunne slippe væk fra planeten. Tre af Rogue Squadrons piloter døde under slaget.
1	Under Klon Krigene, fandt Jabba sig selv i en situation han aldrig havde forestillet sig: Han blev en del af Slaget om Tatooine, og hjalp Jedi-Generalen Echuu Shen-Jon. Efter Boorka the Hutt, en af hans rivaler, havde allieret sig med separatisterne, så Jabba sin chance til at udnytte republikkens hær ved at få dem til at dræbe hans rival.
1	Det er blevet hævdet, at i den endelige / fest scene af specialudgaven DVD-udgave Star Wars VI: Return of the Jedi , kan Jar Jar høres råbe, "We'sah gratis!" over hustagene i de store festligheder, der sker på Naboo . Men lyddesigner Matthew Wood har udtalt i et interview med Forcecast at det var ham, snarere end Ahmed Best, der lagde stemme til den linje, og at det i manuskriptet det blev tilskrevet en generisk fejrer Gungan, ikke specifikt Jar Jar .
3	The driving goal behind WookieeProject: The Old Republic is the improvement and maintainance of Wookieepedia articles related to the LucasArts MMORPG Star Wars: The Old Republic. The announcement of the game inspired a multi-platform, multimedia project that comprises novels, comic books, and other media. This project includes all of these various forms of media within its scope. Specific works within The Old Republic timeframe can be found in the novel series and comic series. The project also covers topics related to the material released via the official site's HoloNet feature.
1	Under flugten  skib er beskadiget. For at rette det, dronningen og Jedi beslutter at lande på øde planet af Tatooine, i udkanten af ​​den  Mos Espa. Der, Qui-Gon besøg forhandler side Watto, som imidlertid er resistent over for magt Jinn. Der møder han en ung dreng Jedi,  Anakin Skywalker, som bygger sin egen speeder. Qui-Gon beslutter at hjælpe drengen at færdiggøre opførelsen af ​​køretøjet, og gør det muligt at starte i løbet. Efter et par komplikationer dreng starter og vinder konkurrencer podracerów. Med vinde deres væddemål med Watto, Anakin vinder frihed, Jedi og de dele, der er nødvendige for at reparere  yacht dronning. Under tilbagevenden til skibet, Qui-Gon er angrebet af en mystisk kriger, der bruger  lyssværd. Jedi foregive at afvise fjenden og undslipper ombord en yacht.
2	Qui-Gon hadde opprinnelig ment å trene Anakin selv, men da han døde for sithfyrsten Darth Mauls hånd, var det hans padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi som fikk oppgaven. Det var imidlertid bare såvidt Jedirådet godkjente det, fordi gutten var gammel og allerede var fylt av frykt. Ti år senere fikk Anakin og Obi-Wan i oppdrag å passe på senator Padmé Amidala, som Anakin hadde forelsket seg i ti år tidligere på Tatooine. Anakin hadde fortsatt disse følelsene. Etter nok et drapsforsøk på henne, ble Obi-Wan satt til å etterforske det, mens Anakin og Padmé i skjul reiste til Naboo, hvor hun ville være bedre beskyttet. Her forelsket de seg i hverandre. Idyllen ble avbrutt da Anakin så sin mor lide gjennom Kraften. Sammen med Padmé reiste han til Tatooine, hvor han fant henne døende. Anakins mørke følelser tok overhånd, og han drepte alle tuskenrøverne i leiren hun var fanget for å hevne seg.
2	Da hun ikke kunne gjøre noe i Senatet returnerte hun til Naboo, for å be Gungerne om å hjelpe til å stoppe Handelsføderasjonen. Dette klarte de ved å fange lederen deres, Nute Gunray, og okkupasjonen ble avbrutt.
3	Black Sun was a criminal syndicate that came into prominence during the Clone Wars as the Jedi Order focused more on military affairs and less on law enforcement. Black Sun was allied with the Shadow Collective and its leader Darth Maul. The syndicate maintained bases on Mustafar and Ord Mantell and had many of the Falleen species as members.
1	Executor-class skibene var næsten 19 kilometer lange, og havde en besætning på 280.734 mænd. De var bevæbnet med mere en 5.000 våbenstationer, der inkluderede turbolasere, missiler og ion kanoner.
3	Age of Resistance - Captain Phasma 1, Age of Resistance - Finn 1, Star Wars: Poe Dameron, Star Wars Resistance, Age of Resistance - Kylo Ren 1, Phasma, Star Wars: Captain Phasma, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: Allegiance, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 2, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Spark of the Resistance, The Last Jedi: Bomber Command, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, Resistance Reborn
3	Under the command of Darth Decimus, Darth Acharon and Darth Hadra, the Imperial Military and the Imperial Guard began to crush the native resistance, but the forces of the Republic soon arrived and established a foothold in the Blastfield Shipyards on the outskirts of Corellia's capital, Coronet City. The once pristine metropolis, already ravaged by war, quickly became a battlefield as Republic and Imperial forces fought for control, with both sides aided by native corporations and groups of mercenaries. Both forces suffered heavy losses as the conflict continued, with powerful Jedi and Sith falling to battle and betrayal&#8212;but Darth Decimus believed victory was within his grasp after Jedi Master Arfan Ramos and the rest of the Green Jedi Council were killed when an Imperial strike force stormed the Green Jedi Enclave.
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
1	Imens udsendte Yuuzhan Vong Krigsmester Tsavong Lah sin søn Kommandør Khalee Lah og Præst Harrar med en flåde til Hapes med formål at fange Jaina på grund af hendes deltagelse i Myrkr missionen og hendes rolle som tvillingebror til Jacen Solo som de havde fanget tidligere. Derefter skulle de ofres til Yuuzhan Vong guderne.
1	Udover det var Eclipse skibene også mere mobile og bedre beskyttet en dødsstjernen, da den var udstyret med både et forstærket hyperdrive og hurtige sublight motorer, og nogle af de mest betydningsfulde våben fra de sidste årtier. Dette inkluderede gravity well projectors og forbedrede ion kanoner.[5]
3	During a scouting party, the Resistance pilot Kazuda Xiono and former Imperial pilot Griff Halloran discovered the abandoned village. While exploring the caves, they were captured by the Aeosians, who believed them to be a threat. The Aeosian Queen believed that the Colossus was the same ship that had attacked their village. She authorized an attack on the Colossus and wanted to feed Xiono, Halloran, and their droids CB-23 and R5-G9 to her winged krakavora.[3]
3	Kijimi was a frigid mountainous planet located in the Bryx sector of the galaxy's Mid Rim. It was the homeworld of Zorii Bliss, leader of the smuggling gang known as the Spice Runners of Kijimi. During their journey around the galaxy to uncover Jedi artifacts, Karr Nuq Sin and RZ-7 briefly stopped at Kijimi City to refuel the yacht Avadora. Whilst on Kijimi, Sin was questioned by the First Order as they believed he had a clue to finding the Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. In 35 ABY, Kijimi was obliterated by a Xyston-class Star Destroyer of the Final Order's Sith Eternal fleet.
3	An ancient Sith cave was located among[3] the Gahenn Plains[1] on the volcanic Outer Rim Territories planet[4] of Mustafar and served as a locus for the dark side of the Force. Situated deep beneath Mustafar's fiery surface[5] and housing a Sith shrine,[6] the cave resided in the course of a river of lava, which flowed through and dropped out of the cave as a lava fall. The cave's interior featured various markings on its walls, as well as a round rock table formed at its center.[5]
3	The Death Star II, also known as the Death Star MK. 2, DS-2, or simply the second Death Star, was a partially completed moon-sized battle station constructed by the Galactic Empire as the successor to the Death Star. It was larger and more powerful than the first Death Star. Like the first Death Star, the Death Star II's long-term purpose was to terrorize planets and star systems in league with the Rebel Alliance through the use of its planet-destroying superlaser. However, the Death Star II also served another purpose: luring the Rebels into a battle that would, the Empire hoped, destroy them once and for all. Though designed to be very similar in appearance and function to the first Death Star, the second Death Star improved on its predecessor's design by incorporating millions of millimeter-sized heat-dispersion tubes in place of the two-meter-wide thermal exhaust port exploited by the Rebel Alliance at the Battle of Yavin.
2	501. Legion var kloner av dusørjegeren Jango Fett. Klonet av profesjonelle Kaminoanere og fikk trening på lik linje med Avansert Recon Commando. 501. Legion gikk fra trening til kamp på Geonosis.
3	A native of the Mid Rim planet Naboo, Sheev Palpatine was born around 84 BBY during the last century of the Galactic Republic. Inherently gifted with the Force, he became Darth Sidious during his apprenticeship under Darth Plagueis. But the Rule of Two dictated that only two Sith Lords could exist at any given time; therefore Sidious killed his Sith Master and took Darth Maul as his first disciple in the dark side of the Force. As Palpatine, he cultivated a political career on the Core World Coruscant, serving as his homeworld's representative in the galactic capital. Driven by a desire for greater power, Sidious manipulated the Trade Federation into a dispute with the Royal House of Naboo, resulting in a chain of events that led to his election as Supreme Chancellor in 32 BBY. Taking Darth Tyranus as his new apprentice, Sidious spent a decade fomenting political unrest until entire star systems seceded from the Republic to form the Confederacy of Independent Systems. The ensuing Clone Wars commenced in 22 BBY, spreading conflict across the galaxy and strengthening Chancellor Palpatine's control of the government and military. When the Jedi moved to arrest him, having learned of his true identity, Sidious commanded the clone troopers to execute Order 66, turning the entire Grand Army of the Republic against its Jedi Generals. Shortly afterward, the Republic was officially reorganized into the first Galactic Empire, with Sidious becoming the self-proclaimed Emperor in 19 BBY.
1	Rex lærte meget af Anakin og de to blev gode venner. Rex og Anakin kæmpede på de forreste linjer, de to ofte sørgede for at vinde kampene med deres taktik. Anakin huskede senere Rex som en nybegynder, som oprindeligt var ivrig efter at følge ordrer til punkt og prikke, men blev mindre stram med tiden. 501. Legion vandt berømmelse og veteranstatus under Anakin og Rexs ledelse. Under Palpatines ordre, voksede Legion 501 til en sammenhæng klon-enheder, hvis medlemmer fik hemmelig uddannelse og blev sent ud i galaksens slagmarker som krigen påkravet. Udover Rexs venskab med Cody, dannede Rex et samarbejde med Denal, som var en Sergent fra 501. Legion. Rexs blev også venner med ARF Tropper Sergent CS-2207 med kælenavnet "Boomer". Rexs har også stiftet bekendtskab med sin ven, Codys jedi general Obi-Wan Kenobi. På en opgave, Rex og 501. Legion allierede sig med en trup af Elite ARC soldater, ved navn The Muunilinst 10, som blev ledet af ARC Kaptajn Fordo. På missionen skulle de angribe en droide hær, der havde erobret en strategisk by.
3	Wookieepedia strives to be the most accurate Star Wars resource in existence, and to achieve this we have to say where we get our information from. This applies to images as well. When uploading an image, please be sure to tell us where you found it in the "Summary" section of the upload page.
3	Born in 896 BBY, Yoda was almost nine hundred years old in the latter days of the Republic. A leading member of the Jedi High Council, his contemporaries included other legendary Masters such as Mace Windu and Ki-Adi-Mundi. During the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY, the maverick Qui-Gon Jinn introduced Anakin Skywalker to the High Council, believing with absolute certainty that he had discovered the prophesied Chosen One. The Jedi elders sensed that the boy was full of fear and anger and declined to train him, deeming Skywalker too old and emotionally compromised to commit himself to the Jedi Code. After Jinn's death during the liberation of Naboo, the High Council reversed their decision in spite of Yoda's continued opposition to Skywalker's apprenticeship, having sensed grave danger in his training. At the same time, the Jedi discovered that their ancient nemesis, the Sith, had returned after a millennium in hiding. Aware of the Rule of Two, Yoda was convinced that at least one more Sith Lord remained active following Obi-Wan Kenobi's victory over the Sith apprentice Darth Maul.
2	I slaget om Teth reddet Anakin Skywalker, Ahsoka Tano, Obi-Wan Kenobi, og en hær av kloner, Jabba Hutts sønn, som var kidnappet av Separatistene. Under slaget møtet Obi-Wan Grev Dookus snikmorder Assaj Ventress, og det utvikler seg en lyssabelduell. På slutten av slaget finner Anakin og Ahsoka romskipet "Twilight", som de bruker mange ganger senere i Klonekrigene. Slaget endte med seier til Republikken. Under slaget var det også en flykamp høyt oppe i Teth`s skyer.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
3	While en route to Geonosis, Vader brought in his J-type 327 Nubian starship to aid in the latter stages of the mission. Soon thereafter, the Ark Angel set down near the entrance to the Karina's lair, while Aphra sent Triple-Zero and Beetee into a cavern to scout out the most direct route to Karina's chamber. Vader had been to Geonosis several times before during the Clone Wars while still a Jedi, and being on the red-desert world brought up painful memories of his deceased wife, so he ordered Aphra&#8212;who had been asking Vader personal questions&#8212;to be silent as they, too, entered the catacombs to steal the droid factory.[5]
2	Samme natt får Anakin en svært livaktig drøm om at Padmé dør under fødselen, og han søker råd hos Yoda. Yoda forteller ham at man ikke må være redd for å miste dem man elsker. Senere drar Anakin til Palpatine som ber ham om å bli hans livvakt og representant i jedirådet. Anakin ber jedirådet om å få bli jedimester og jedirådsmedlem. Mace Windu lar ham bli medlem i rådet men ikke jedimester. Anakin blir sjokkert, men klarer å beherske seg. Etter rådsmøtet blir han konfrontert av Obi-Wan som ber ham om å informere rådet om alt kansleren foretar seg, og at den eneste grunnen til at rådet lot ham bli medlem var at det ga rådet en mulighet til å holde et øyne med kansleren, men Anakin nekter å spionere på sin politiske mentor.
3	The blockade was incredibly successful and choked commerce in the Republic's private sector and prevented military wares from reaching battlefields along the Hydian Way. The Core Worlds were thrown into an economic crisis, and the Republic's Galactic Senate was deadlocked on a proper course of action. After much deliberation, the High Council of the Jedi Order consented to give aid by dispatching squadrons of Jedi pilots to confront the Mandalorian warships. Despite their strategies and Force talents, the Jedi fighter squadrons were handily defeated in an operation that was widely seen as a resounding failure. News of the Jedi defeat caused widespread panic and rioting on the Republic's capital world of Coruscant, where impoverished peoples in the lower levels of the planet-spanning Galactic City were beginning to suffer from starvation as a result of the supply crisis.
1	Imperial-class Star Destroyerne repræsenterede, sammen med imperiets stormtroopere, imperiet mægtige militær over hele galaksen gennem Imperiets herredømme.[6]
3	The series follows a motley group of rebels who live aboard the starship Ghost as they fight against the evil Galactic Empire. The rebels include Ezra Bridger, a young orphan from Lothal who learns he can use the Force; Kanan Jarrus, a Jedi who survived Order 66; Hera Syndulla, a Twi'lek pilot and veteran resistance fighter; Sabine Wren, a Mandalorian explosives expert; Garazeb "Zeb" Orrelios, a Lasat warrior; and the cantankerous astromech droid C1-10P, also known as Chopper. The crew will eventually help give rise to the Rebel Alliance.
1	Interdictor-class cruiser, fjernt teknologisk lignende fra en normal Star Destroyer, blev brugt i den Gamle Republik og senere Sith Imperiet, 4 000 år før Slaget om Yavin Republikken opgav designet efter Malachor V hvor det faldt i Sith-hænder. Et eksempel på disse skibe var Leviathan.[13] Men designet på Ravager ville holde indtil længere.[14]
3	Krix was a Trandoshan male hunter and pilot during the Clone Wars. He was a member of a Trandoshan guild that captured sentient beings for the purpose of hunting and killing them on a game reserve on the moon of Wasskah. In 20 BBY, Krix partook in a series of hunts that were to serve as the first of guild boss Garnac's son, Dar. Krix witnessed Dar's initiation ceremony, but the young hunter was killed the following day by Ahsoka Tano, one of the Trandoshans' prisoners.
3	With the Republic force on Serroco decimated by the bombs destroying their camps&#8212;their missile-defense systems were not active, and thus only eight ships on the surface were able to make a getaway&#8212;Admiral Karath was left with no choice but to retreat and find a place to make a stand.[3] With the Courageous group on the run, the Mandalorians pursued Karath and his forces through the lanes between Serroco and[13] the banking world of[14] Telerath. Karath was hoping to make it to the planet Myrkr or the Ryyk Nebula, where he could merge his forces with the Tremendous battle group in the region, but faced major difficulties. Karath had sworn that he would not allow the Mandalorians to take any of the ships in his flotilla without a fight, and the Courageous saw plenty of action to this end.[13] The Mandalorians finally caught up to the Courageous in deep space, severely damaging the Courageous and boarding the listing vessel. Karath, Onasi, and Commander Dallan Morvis were still alive, and made the decision that they had to scuttle the vessel. Faced with Neo-Crusader Shock Troopers pouring into the ship, the three retreated from the bridge under heavy fire, with Onasi narrowly saving Admiral Karath from a direct attack.[7]
1	Rogue Squadrons rødder strækker sig tilbage til Slaget om Yavin, hvor to overlevende piloter senere ville skabe Rogue Squadron&#8212;Luke Skywalker og Wedge Antilles&#8212;var de eneste medlemmer af Red Squadron der overlevede slaget.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
3	Born in 102 BBY during the Age of the Republic, Dooku was taken by the Jedi Order after being abandoned by his family and learned the Jedi arts as the Padawan of Yoda, the legendary Grand Master of the Jedi Order. A political idealist, the corruption in the Galactic Senate&#8212;as well as the traditions of the Jedi&#8212;disillusioned him, causing Dooku to voluntarily leave the Order and return to his homeworld where he reclaimed his title and heritage as a nobleman. His former peers believed his decision was misguided but still held him in high esteem. Unknown to the Jedi, however, Dooku not only renounced their ways but his commitment to the light side of the Force as well. Having sworn his allegiance to Darth Sidious, Dooku became the Dark Lord's apprentice and adopted the secret name of Darth Tyranus. Throughout the first decade of Sheev Palpatine's chancellery, Dooku used his resources and charisma to recruit entire star systems to the Separatist cause. At the same time, he oversaw the development of two vast armies that would be pitted against each other in the conflict to come: the Separatist Droid Army, which consisted entirely of battle droids manufactured on Geonosis; and the Grand Army of the Republic, composed by clone troopers bred on Kamino and modeled on the bounty hunter Jango Fett.
2	Da Jedi-rådet fikk rapporten fra Obi-Wan Kenobi om at Separatistene rustet seg opp til krig, skjønte han endelig at forhandlinger ikke ville være til nytte. Selv om han nevnte til Kansler Palpatine at jedier ikke var soldater, men beskyttere av freden, hjalp de til med å lede grupper i slag.
1	Chewbacca var klog, stærk og meget loyal. Han var også en dygtig mekaniker. Ligesom mange andre Wookieer kunne Chewbacca forstå Basic, men var ikke i stand til at tale det. Han talte istedet Shyriiwook, Wookieernes primære sprog, der hovedsaglig bestod af brøl og knurren.
3	Mon Mothma was born in 46 BBY into a political family; her father was an arbiter-general in the Galactic Republic, and her mother was a governor on their homeworld of Chandrila.[2]
3	The Battle of Serroco was an engagement during the Mandalorian Wars between the Galactic Republic and the Mandalorian Neo-Crusaders in the year 3963 BBY. Anticipating that the Mandalorians would move on the muddy planet Serroco in the Expansion Region, Republic Navy Admiral Saul Karath assembled a battle group and moved to defend the world. The Navy decide to place their camps next to Serroco's Stereb cities, betting that the Mandalorians would not want to risk wrecking the cities and depriving themselves of the loot to be found within&#8212;they were wrong. When the Mandalorians arrived, their chief, Mandalore the Ultimate, deemed the Republic tactic "without honor" and unleashed a barrage of nuclear bombs that destroyed the Stereb cities. With Serroco devastated, Karath marshaled his remaining forces and retreated, hoping to link up with reinforcements further away from shattered Serroco. The Mandalorians pursued, finally catching up to Karath's flagship, the Courageous, in deep space. The Courageous was severely damaged and boarded, and Admiral Karath barely escaped with his life. The destruction of Serroco was decried as an atrocity and a crime by the Republic, and Serroco's memory became a rallying cry for the Republic throughout the rest of the war.
3	This sense of panic&#8212;part of the Sith Emperor's plan to destabilize the galaxy&#8212;was only amplified when the Galactic Senate of the Republic failed to compose a comprehensive defense strategy at an emergency congressional session. Republic leaders disagreed over how the Sith threat should be treated. Some advocated for patient and calculated responses, arguing that the Empire was no different from the many other minor upstart societies that had previously tried to challenge the Republic. Others, including the High Council of the Jedi Order, insisted that the Empire needed to be dealt with swiftly. However, even among these advocates of decisive action, there was disagreement. Senators who feared for the safety of their own worlds protested decisions that left their constituencies undefended against the Sith, resulting in messy deliberations and unnavigable political gridlock. When the negotiations collapsed, diplomatic allies withdrew military support, leaving most Republic sectors to fend for themselves[4] and the people of the Republic in an even greater state of fear.[1]
2	Ikke det at alt nødvendigvis gikk så bra i slaget, men etter mye flaks og dyktighet vant faktisk dronningen og gungerne tilbake Naboo. Jar Jar ble med dette helt, og ti år etter disse hendelsene hadde han faktisk klart å bli visesenator for Naboo-systemet, og jobbet tett med Padme Amidala, som nå hadde blitt Naboos senator.
3	The droid subsequently sought to be a free individual, and he took to administering medical assistance to the wounded of both the Confederacy and the Republic. While bandaging up the injured Republic trooper Gunner, Coppertop encountered Jedi General Obi-Wan Kenobi and Clone Commander CC-2224, and the droid explained to them his origins. However, shortly afterward, Kenobi and the clones were attacked by the Dark Jedi Asajj Ventress and the bounty hunter Cyreltov, who sought to recover the droid on Dooku's behalf. Not wanting to be the cause of any further violence, Coppertop surrendered to Ventress, then disabled himself using Cyreltov's deactivator pistol.
2	I hendene på en uten noen som er helst form for erfaring med en lyssabel, kan den være både farlig og ubrukelig. Mot moderne våpen vil da lyssabelen aldri være særlig nyttig, men bare et farlig leketøy. Imidlertid endres dette helt når den er i hendene på en jedi. Lyssabelen er et symbol på disiplin, og som våpen kan lyssabelen være både farlig og effektiv, kanskje særlig fordi våpenet kan blokkere og sende tilbake laserskudd. I sin høyeste form er lyssabelkamp en innbydende og edel form for kunst.
2	I 1988 produserte Lucas filmen "Tucker: The Man and His Dream", og året etter produserte han "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade". Denne filmen mottok Oscar for beste lyd.
3	During the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire, a male Jedi Master proved himself worthy to be granted the title of "Barsen'thor," a Cerean word meaning "Warden of the Order." The Jedi was only the third person to attain the prestigious rank in the history of the Jedi Order, and the first one to receive it in thousands of years. Found as a child to be gifted with an incredibly deep innate connection with the Force, the future Barsen'thor followed the path of a Jedi Consular, training under Jedi Master Yuon Par on the ancestral Jedi world of Tython. During his training in 3643 BBY, Master Par's Padawan was instrumental in finding the fabled Fount of Rajivari, an ancient repository of knowledge, and he stopped the corrupted Twi'lek Force-sensitive Nalen Raloch from destroying the Forge, a machine used by the ancient Jedi to create lightsabers.
3	The film, which began production in August 2015, is set between Revenge of the Sith and Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope. It is set closer to the latter film and focuses on the formation of the Rebel Alliance and their efforts to steal the plans to the Death Star, an event that was referenced in the opening crawl of A New Hope. Jyn Erso, played by Jones, and a group of other characters band together to steal the plans from the Galactic Empire. Edwards has described the film as a grounded, war-based movie, one in which normal people have to come together to fight the Empire as opposed to relying on the Jedi or the Force.
2	Ombord på Dødsstjernen, hvor hun nå havnet, som Vaders fange, måtte hun gjennomgå tortur. Hun måtte også se sin hjemplanet Alderaan bli ødelagt av kampstasjonen. På tross av dette røpet hun ikke hvor opprørernes base var, eller hvor planene var. Kort tid etter dette ble hun reddet av Luke Skywalker og Han Solo. På grunn av Leias innsats ble Dødsstjernen ødelagt.
3	Shortly after the rise of the Galactic Empire, the newly-christened Sith Lord Darth Vader traveled to the Sith cave to use its energy to bleed a kyber crystal in the construction of his own lightsaber. Vader later decided to build a fortress over the cave that could channel the power of the dark side in order to resurrect his deceased wife, Padmé Amidala. Using designs obtained from the ancient Sith Lord Momin, whose spirit was trapped within an artifact, Vader constructed a massive obsidian castle over the cave that would serve as his personal residence.
2	30 jagerfly av typen X-wing og Y-wing ble ladet med to protontorpedoer hver. Navnet på styrken var Rød gruppe, med Rød leder som jagerkommandant. Flyene ble fulgt fra hovedkvarteret på Yavin IV, hvor taktikerne, ledet av general Dodonna, ga støtte og råd under slaget. Manøveren de skulle utføre, var ekstremt vanskelig og innebar å fly gjennom en lang korridor fordypet i Dødsstjernens overflate. Stasjonen var beskyttet av trekkstråle-, laser-, ione- og prosjektil-kanoner, med jagerflyskvadroner klare til å fly ut, om nødvendig.
3	Dameron visited Castilon briefly with CB-23 to check up on Xiono and take him flying. CB-23 piloted a T-70 X-wing starfighter, which Xiono was loaned. On the flight, the pilots and droids came across a derelict Darius G-class freighter in an asteroid field near the planet, and investigated. CB-23 and BB-8 initially didn't get along very well during the search, but bonded after BB-8 got rid of a Kowakian monkey-lizard bothering CB-23. Afterwards, she located a survivor onboard the ship, Synara San, directing Xiono to the crate she had hidden in. After the return to Castilon, she and BB-8 waved goodbye to each other before she and Dameron left in the X-wings.[2]
2	Jediene klarte å få transporthjelp av de høye herrene, og Jar Jar ble med for å slippe straffen for å dukke opp i byen igjen, og sverget med det livet sitt til Qui-Gon, i god gammel gungerånd.
3	Wookieepedia is a Star Wars encyclopedia written collaboratively by its readers, who are known as Wookieepedians. The site is a wiki, meaning that anyone, including you, can edit almost any article right now by clicking on the Edit link that appears at the top of the page.
3	It has been three years since the events of Attack of the Clones. The Galactic Republic is in the midst of the epic war with the Confederacy of Independent Systems under the leadership of Count Dooku, who is also the Sith Lord, Darth Tyranus. The Confederacy's cyborg military leader, General Grievous of the Separatist Droid Army, has infiltrated Coruscant and captured Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate.
3	Ruescott Melshi was a human male sergeant in the Alliance to Restore the Republic Special Forces during the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire. A close friend of Rebel Alliance Intelligence Service Captain Cassian Andor, Melshi was a veteran soldier and a respected commander, leading his troops by personal example. In 0 BBY, when the Alliance learned about the existence of the Empire's Death Star superweapon, Melshi led a rebel extraction team during the rescue of Jyn Erso&#8212;daughter of Galen Erso, the Death Star project's chief engineer&#8212;from a labor camp on the planet Wobani.
3	The Jedi Order was a noble, religious order of protectors united in their devotion to the light side of the Force. With a history dating back thousands of years before the rise of the Galactic Empire, the Jedi Knights&#8212;noted for their lightsabers and natural ability to harness the powers of the Force&#8212;stood as the guardians of peace and justice in the Galactic Republic. Originally established on Ahch-To in the Unknown Regions, the Jedi Temple on the Core World Coruscant served as the hub of all Jedi activity in the galaxy during the Republic Era. The Temple was also a training school for younglings and Padawans, who learned the ways of the Force under the supervision of Jedi Masters, twelve of whom were elected to serve on the Jedi High Council&#8212;the Order's highest governing authority. The High Council's staff officers were the Grand Master, a title reserved for the wisest Jedi Master, and the Master of the Order, who served as the Council's appointed leader. The Jedi Code governed the Order's way of life; therefore, every Jedi was duty-bound to observe and uphold the Code or else risk banishment from the Order's ranks.
3	With the death of Emperor Palpatine at the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY, the Rebel Alliance fulfilled its mandate by reorganizing itself into the New Republic. Modeled on the principles of its predecessor, the Republic strove to bury Palpatine's New Order by restoring democracy after an era of Imperial rule. The Republic ultimately won the Galactic Civil War; after the Battle of Jakku, the Empire formally surrendered in 5 ABY by signing a peace treaty known as the Galactic Concordance. With the war concluded and the Empire fragmented into various remnants controlled by several warlords&#8212;while a powerless, pro-Republic provisional government based on the former Imperial capital of Coruscant was installed&#8212;the Republic's armed forces were significantly reduced through the Military Disarmament Act. As a result, the Republic promoted the training of planetary defense forces for security as well as a reconstruction program to rebuild the worlds that were ravaged by the war. Even at the height of its power, the Republic was only a fraction of the size of its predecessors and relied on egalitarian policies to remain on friendly terms with the neutral star systems.
2	Når Palpatine ga Ordre 66 angrep Skywalker og 501. Legion Jeditempelet på Coruscant. Legionen var under personlig kontroll av Vader helt til hans død. 501. Legion angrep Leia Organas skip Tantive IV.
3	A thousand years before the First Order–Resistance conflict,[4] Kanata became reputed as a "pirate queen," giving credits, equipment, and connections to young smugglers,[3] often allowing them a day in her home for free or a long-term stay for rent.[10] She held sway over over a thousand ports when the Galactic Republic was still young.[11] In addition to hosting smugglers and pirates, Kanata housed traveling musicians,[12] and she hired a majordomo who oversaw the castle's activities and a kitchen crew headed by the Artiodac chef Strono Tuggs, who stayed with Kanata's castle for centuries.[13] Unlike her chef, however, Kanata spent centuries of her life traveling the galaxy, collecting antiques and other treasures.[12] She kept her collection of countless trinkets in the storehouses and vaults of her castle, and she protected items that spoke to her through the Force, believing that relics from the past could impact the future.[14] While living on Tatooine, Anakin Skywalker was known to have acquired a small statue of Kanata from a passing trader and it was present in his home when Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn came to Tatooine during the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY.[8][15] At some point, Kanata was part of the Free Fleet.[11]
3	Daiman, with suspicions of Odion's involvement in the destruction of the facility, plotted to ambush his brother. He brought Ka'hane to his fortress, the Sanctum Celestial, where he contacted the Quermian Ayanos Bactra, a neutral Sith Lord who preferred to gain power through corporate bureaucracy rather than military might. Daiman had recently allowed one of Bactra's corporations, Industrial Heuristics, to recruit students from Darkknell and elsewhere in his territory&#8212;known as the Daimanate&#8212;in exchange for the fruits of the students' research. Daiman requested an arxeum, a mobile university dedicated to the science of war, as well as recruits that Industrial Heuristics had taken from the Daimanate. In exchange, Daiman granted Bactra safe passage through the Daimanate to strike at Vellas Pavo, a gadolinium-rich planet. Bactra agreed to deliver the arxeum and the students to the volcanic world of Gazzari,[1] on the frontier of Daiman's border with the Odionate&#8212;Odion's territory.[3] Intending to lure Odion to Gazzari, Daiman allowed Ka'hane to listen in on his conversation with Bactra and secretly ordered the bonds holding the Bothan spy to be loosened, so that Ka'hane could escape and tell Odion what he had overheard. With the help of Holt, who sneaked into the Sanctum with Ka'hane's Mark VI, the Bothan fled and told his master of Daiman's plans.[1]
3	An Echo of Victory, Age of Resistance - Poe Dameron 1, Kidnapped!, Star Wars: Poe Dameron, Robot Resistance, Star Wars Resistance, All Aces Battle Royale, The Core Problem, Join the Resistance: Escape from Vodran, Poe Dameron: Flight Log, Rose Knows, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, The Last Jedi Adaptation 1, Resistance Reborn, Allegiance 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Spark of the Resistance, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
3	Lucasfilm Ltd. identifies the six films of the original trilogy and prequel trilogy, and the Star Wars: The Clone Wars television series as the "immovable objects of Star Wars history, the characters and events to which all other tales must align." The following list identifies what is now considered official canon. This section may require updating as Lucasfilm releases new updates.
3	Rogue One stars Felicity Jones, Diego Luna, Ben Mendelsohn, Riz Ahmed, Donnie Yen, Jiang Wen, Forest Whitaker, Mads Mikkelsen, and Alan Tudyk. Genevieve O'Reilly reprises her role as Mon Mothma, the leader of the Rebel Alliance; O'Reilly portrayed the character for 2005's Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith, but her scenes were cut. The film also features Darth Vader.
1	Disse kupler var ikke sårbare overfor angreb så længe skjoldene var intakte, men et voldsomt koncentreret bombardement&#8212;som det Admiral Ackbar beordrede under Slaget om Endor&#8212;kunne slå skjoldet ud. Først derefter var sensorer og skjoldgeneratorer åbne for angreb.
2	En sondedroide landet på planeten Hoth, hvor Opprørsalliansen hadde etablert en base, cirka tre år etter slaget ved Yavin. Den fikk sendt viktig informasjon om basen og dens forsvarsverk, før den ble oppdaget og ødela seg selv. Dermed begynte opprørerne å forberede full evakuering av basen.
3	BL-17 was one of the few Battle Legionnaires to survive the Republic victory at Norval II. Run down but still functional, the droid was later found by the bounty hunter Boba Fett during the early years of the Galactic Empire. Fett, who also had a Mandalorian heritage, recognized the battle droid's potential and made BL-17 his aide.[4]
3	This space is used for discussion relating to changes to the article, not for a discussion about the topic in question.  For general questions about the article's topic, please visit the Knowledge Bank. Please remember to stay civil and sign all of your comments with four tildes (~~~~). Click here to start a new topic.
3	Some articles would benefit greatly with the addition of one or more images. You can find articles that have been requested to be enhanced with an image here. To add an image to an article you must first upload the image, also including the image's source and licensing. Here is the list of uploaded files and here the gallery of the most recent files. Here you can see a list of images that need clean up. Here you can find a picture tutorial that tells you how to insert and modify an image inside an article. If the article has an image request tag, don't forget to remove it once you add the image.
3	The Talisman of the Raven was a ring used by the Nightsisters of Dathomir as a Talisman of Transformation that allowed the user to assume the form of a raven. According to Mother Talzin, who led the united clans of Nightsisters during the Clone Wars, the Talisman would tap into the prime raven spirit in the spirit world and lend its powers to the user. Originally held under the custodianship of a Shaman of the Nightsisters, it was stolen by Sister Charal, one of the Dathomiri witches. She fled to the moon Endor and never returned the Talisman to the coven.
3	In 1032 BBY[2] during the second Charge Matrica, the Bothan spy Narsk Ka'hane, who secretly worked for the Sith Lord Vilia Calimondra, was hired by Calimondra's grandson, the Sith Lord Odion. Odion ordered Ka'hane to gather information on Odion's younger brother Daiman's starship, Convergence, which was under construction at the Daimanate Dynamic Testing Facility on the planet Darkknell, and, subsequently, to destroy the ship. Using a Cyricept Personal Concealment System, Mark VI stealth suit, Ka'hane infiltrated the testing facility and downloaded the Convergence's technical readouts onto a datapad. Leaving several baradium thermal charges with the ship, Ka'hane left the facility. However, he was spotted by Jedi Knight Kerra Holt, who hoped to obtain the Mark VI for her own use against Daiman. After a chase through the streets of the city Xakrea, Holt incapacitated Ka'hane and activated his remote detonator, which caused the destruction of the testing facility. Taking Ka'hane's Mark VI and detonator, Holt left the Bothan in a garbage bin, where he was captured by Daiman's police, the Correctors.[1]
1	En Padawan, Padawan learner, eller Jedi Apprentice i Basic var et barn, eller i nogle tilfælde voksne, som begyndte en seriøs træning under en Jedi Ridder eller en Jedi Master, valgt af selve Ridderen eller Masteren fra ynglinge rangene.
3	Within the Museum of Dark Side Antiquities on the Republic capital world of Coruscant[2] was an exhibit[1] titled The Dark Lords of the Sith. The presentation was in a cordoned-off section[3] of the Museum's Sith Hall, which was more than forty levels below Coruscant's cityscape.[2] While the entirety of the exposition was dedicated to the ancient Sith Empire and the namesake species, a particular area concerned the history of its rulers: the infamous Dark Lords of the Sith. The presentation featured many tables and display cases replete with weapons, books, and various other types of artifacts that once belonged to the Dark Lords. Several of the heirlooms radiated with the power of the dark side of the Force, and Force-sensitive beings within close proximity to them were able to sense their potency. Earthenware sculptures lined the exhibit's walls and adorned the halls, and included informational placards that gave insight into the forgotten splendor of the Dark Lords of the Sith.[1] A separate room temporarily housed piles of old books and Sith amulets that were waiting to be placed in their respective locations. The museum curator intended to further augment the exhibit with special lighting effects and holographic projections that told stories of the Sith's fabled Golden Age.[3]
3	As Synara settled to her new life on the Colossus as an undercover pirate, she was torn between her loyalty to Kragan and her new friendships with Colossus residents particularly Xiono and Tamara Ryvora. Synara helped save the Colossus from the rokkna known as Bibo's mother and warn the residents about the kidnapping of Captain Imanuel Doza's daughter Torra Doza. Synara's actions earned Xiono's friendship and he helped her escape from the First Order. Synara returned Kaz's favour by convincing the Warbirds to help the Colossus resistance when the station fled into space.
1	På trods af Chewbaccas succes, fortsatte rivaliseringerne mellem de forskellige Wookiee familier fortsatte med at plage Kashyyyk. Tvrrdko, Tojjevvuk's far, ville have hævn over sin søn, men ventede til de rigtige øjeblikke.[1] Under Klon Krigene kom Chewbacca i duel med Hronk. Det er ukendt hvordan denne stridighed endte, men ankomsten af Clone Trooperne afbrød kampen, og den måtte fortsætte det senere.[3] Klonerne og Jedi Generaler rekruterede mange af Wookieerne, og Chewbacca blev en vigtig del af Wookieernes modstand mod Confederacy of Independent Systems. Han var med i Slaget om Kashyyyk, og så slaget mellem Republikkens storhærs 41st Elite Korps og den angribende droidhær sammen med Tarfful og Jedi General Yoda. Der var Chewbacca der, sammen med Tarfful, fulgte Jedi Generalen Quinlan Vos i angrebet mod fjenden.[4]
3	Tiplee was a red-skinned Mikkian female Jedi Master who, along with her twin sister, Tiplar, served the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars. Tiplee and her sister were commissioned as Jedi Generals in the Grand Army of the Republic, and the two fought in the Battle of Ringo Vinda. During the campaign, Tiplar was murdered by clone trooper CT-5385, nicknamed "Tup," after a malfunction in the clone's control chip that triggered a premature activation of Clone Protocol 66, a Sith-implanted command that forced clones to kill Jedi as traitors. Tiplee was present at the time and watched her sister die.
3	The film is set about nineteen years after the formation of the Galactic Empire; construction has finished on the Death Star, a weapon capable of destroying a planet. After Princess Leia Organa, a leader of the Rebel Alliance, receives the weapon's plans in the hope of finding a weakness, she is captured and taken to the Death Star. Meanwhile, a young farmer named Luke Skywalker meets Obi-Wan Kenobi, who has lived in seclusion for years on the desert planet of Tatooine. When Luke's home is burned and his aunt and uncle killed, Obi-Wan begins Luke's Jedi training as they&#8212;along with Han Solo, Chewbacca, C-3PO and R2-D2&#8212;attempt to rescue the princess from the Empire.
3	Believing that the Colossus was safe, Xiono decided to rejoin the Resistance and made arrangements to rendezvous with Norath Kev on Batuu. While flying the starfighter and racer Fireball, Xiono encountered a First Order probe droid. Despite destroying the probe droid, the droid managed to transmit a message to Commander Pyre and Agent Tierny, who were hunting for the Colossus. Realizing that the Colossus was in danger, Xiono aborted his plans to rejoin the Resistance. After CB-23 repaired the Fireball, he returned to warn his fellow residents.[4]
3	After more than a millennium of exile in the galaxy's Unknown Regions, the ancient Sith Empire returned to galactic notoriety in 3681 BBY[3] in a new and robust form intent on the destruction of the Galactic Republic and the Jedi Order in a conflict that became known as the Great Galactic War. The Sith's leader, known only as the Sith Emperor, led his people in a campaign to secure the Outer Rim Territories in a swift and unforgiving offensive. After highly successful efforts in the Tingel Arm region and the recapture of the Sith's ancestral homeworld of Korriban, the Empire pressed its advantage and widened its offensive.[1] Imperial forces invaded the Minos Cluster and enacted a mass slaughter on the Republic shipyard world of Sluis Van. Meanwhile, the Imperial Armada set its sights on the highly valuable Rimma Trade Route[5] that connected the planet Abregado-rae in the Core Worlds to the distant Outer Rim.[7]
1	En naturlig størrelse statue af Yoda tager imod besøgende Lucasfilm s Letterman Digital Arts Center i San Franciscos Presidio , hovedkvarteret for Industrial Light and Magic.
3	The Proto Droid[2] who in 15 BBY was known both as Proto One[5] and Proto Number 1[2] was originally active before the year 115 BBY.[1][5] After a century of mechanical service, he was discarded by his organic masters. The broken droid rebuilt himself[1] with assorted replacement parts,[6] and his makeshift nature earned him the classification of "junk droid."[1][3] Proto One eventually became the proprietor of a scrapyard on the planet Boonta.[6] At some point before 15 BBY,[5] he met and took a disliking to the BL-series droid BL-17.[1]
3	By 3996 BBY, the shipyards maintained by the Galactic Republic at Foerost had been established as one of the oldest and most successful starship construction facilities in the galaxy. For hundreds of years, the facility had produced warships for the Republic Navy with raw materials from the surface of Foerost, an uninhabited planet. The vessels built there were prized by the Republic as some of the most advanced warships in their fleets. More than three hundred of the ships, most either newly completed or nearly so, sat relatively unguarded in the shipyards.[1]
3	A short time after the departure of the Republic Navy, a massive fleet of the Imperial Navy descended upon the planet, intending to bombard it from orbit. Due to a strong planetary shield erected by Republic engineers, the orbital strike failed, but did not dissuade the Sith. Under the command of the Imperial Grand Moff Zellos, the Sith's army landed on the planet and initiated a massive attack against the shield generator. Despite facing overwhelming odds, Master Allusis's small force of Republic defenders held their ground for days, killing numerous Imperial soldiers and embarrassing the Grand Moff. In response, Zellos continued to throw his forces into battle, but this tactic only created greater casualties for his army. By virtue of numbers alone, the Republic's defeat was inevitable, and the defenders' numbers gradually dwindled to just a few dozen. In a bold last stand, Allusis and his surviving troops fought the Imperials at the base of the generator, killing scores of enemies before being slain themselves&#8212;an act that earned them galactic renown as the "Heroes of Bothawui". Despite the annihilation of the defenders, the Empire found itself unable to destroy the shield and hold Bothawui, as its assault force had been largely decimated. As a result of the battle, the Empire halted its incursions into the Mid Rim for a time, and the Sith Emperor was forced to reexamine his strategy. Despite the loss of all the Republic forces on Bothawui, the story of Bothawui's defenders and their determined fight against the Empire inspired many across the Republic, giving birth to new tactics and a new resolve to continue waging the war.
1	Sebulba, efter et stykke tid, tog et hvil, og afslut podracing. Hans søn, Hekula , fik lov til at flyve Sebulba s podracer (den, han købte fra Qui-Gon) seks år efter Boonta Eve Classic, også er slået af Anakin. Hekula var dog en rookie, og han smadrede podracer i hans debut løb. Sebulba derefter købt en Plug-F gigantiske , en genindspilning af hans berømte podracer, der styrtede ned i Boonta Eve Classic. Når du har købt den pod, forbød Sebulba Hekula fra podracing, aldrig lade ham nær enhver podracer og podrace igen. [5]
3	Following family tradition, Wilhuff's grand-uncle Jova Tarkin, along with two other relatives and two Rodian guides, took him on trips to the Carrion Plateau, on which he taught the young survival skills and lessons on the savage wilderness that his ancestors had tamed. After passing a test in which he outwitted a pack of predators at the Carrion Spike, sixteen year-old Tarkin was deemed to have completed his testing on the plateau. Six months after passing this test, Wilhuff's training shifted to space combat. More family members and hired trainers taught him tactics and piloting skills, while admonishing him to apply the lessons he learned as a hunter to control the pirates and lawbreakers of the Outer Rim.[1]
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
3	Anakin Skywalker, a Force-sensitive human male, was a Jedi Knight of the Galactic Republic and the Chosen One of the Force. During the Clone Wars, his accomplishments as a battlefield commander earned him the Hero With No Fear moniker. After turning to the dark side of the Force, he became known as Darth Vader, a Dark Lord of the Sith and apprentice to Emperor Darth Sidious. As a Sith Lord, Vader turned against his former comrades and hunted the surviving Jedi into near extinction. He became an enforcer of the Galactic Empire, who worked to crush the Alliance to Restore the Republic for opposing his Sith Master's will. Yet despite his actions as Darth Vader, a glimmer of the light side of the Force remained within the former Anakin Skywalker.
1	Når decked ud for en race, Sebulba altid set hans fineste. På sin stærkt polstret køredragt hang adskillige trofæ mønter, et bevis på hans fantastiske (omend forbryderisk) succes. For at sikre sejren, ville den snu Dug stoppe ved intet. Mens bestikke og flad-out snyd var bestemt nyttigt, Sebulba stort set foretrak enten at trykke hans modstandere fra banen og ind i forhindringer eller ved hjælp af indbyggede våben på hans podracer. Han ville endda legetøj og sabotage andre bælg når racere ledte ikke. På et tidspunkt blev hans køretøj beregnet til at skyde søm i modstanderne, senere, han hældte penge i hans racer at installere en flammekaster.
3	A decade after the events of The Phantom Menace, the Galactic Republic is in crisis. A Separatist movement led by former Jedi Master Count Dooku, alias the Sith Lord Darth Tyranus, is threatening the peace, causing the Galactic Senate to debate a Military Creation Act to form a standing army for the Republic's protection. Senator Padmé Amidala, former Queen of Naboo, returns to Coruscant to vote against the Act, even though there are no longer enough Jedi to maintain peace and justice in the galaxy.
3	Due to the technical limitations inherent to the MediaWiki software, the first letter in an article title must always be a capital letter. Ordinarily, this isn't a problem, but it poses an issue when a proper noun's first letter is lowercase (example: t'landa Til). The first letter of an internal wikilink need not be capitalized and will direct the reader to the same page (example: Lightsaber or lightsaber can be used interchangeably as needed). Also, the magic word {{DISPLAYTITLE:name}} can be used to display the article's name with the first letter in lowercase. (DISPLAYTITLE has advantages over &#123;&#123;Title&#125;&#125; in that the former is a native MediaWiki function as opposed to a JavaScript hack, takes effect as soon as the page comes up instead of after it finishes loading, and also works in your browser's title bar and history.)
3	A series of political crisis paved the way for the First Order in 29 ABY, having incorporated the Centrists systems that seceded from the New Republic, where they established a military junta that secretly rose to power in the Unknown Regions. Despite the warnings of Senator Leia Organa, who regarded the First Order with suspicion, her colleagues&#8212;some of whom supported the First Order&#8212;rejected any action that would escalate the cold war into a new galactic war. Although the Republic was unwilling to directly confront the First Order, General Armitage Hux accused the Republic of secretly supporting the First Order's enemies, the Resistance, which he used as a pretext to launch a preemptive strike. He therefore ordered the test-firing of the Starkiller superweapon, resulting in the destruction of the Hosnian system, including Hosnian Prime along with the Senate and the New Republic home fleet in 34 ABY. The galactic status quo was irrevocably changed due to the Hosnian Cataclysm, causing many worlds to capitulate to the First Order out of fear while others willingly supported the new regime out of a desire for security. In the aftermath of the New Republic's collapse, the Resistance vowed that the Republic would rise again even as the First Order seized military control over the galaxy. One year later, the First Order began to face revolts as people rose up against them all over the galaxy after the Resistance and their allied fleet won a battle at Exegol against the Final Order, fulfilling the Resistance's goal of being the spark to light the fire to burn down the First Order.
3	Carrick hitched a ride up to the Courageous on Republic pilot Carth Onasi's[3] short-haul craft,[6] the Deadweight, but upon reaching the bridge was immediately recognized as a wanted fugitive. Karath thought that Carrick was a Mandalorian spy, and refused to heed his warnings. Expecting the Mandalorians to arrive any minute, Karath decided to keep Carrick on the bridge of the Courageous, to show him what the Republic would do to Carrick's "friends"&#8212;sure enough, a Mandalorian battle group featuring a Kandosii-type dreadnaught and several Jehavey'ir-type assault ships emerged from hyperspace. It was small enough of a force to draw Karath's curiosity, as did their holding position at the edge of the Republic force's weapons perimeter. Without further ado, the Mandalorian ships launched a number of nuclear bombs that appeared to be heading for the Republic fleet. As Karath prepared countermeasures, the missiles suddenly changed course and angled around the ships&#8212;they were never aimed at the fleet. Just as Carrick had foreseen, the missiles hit the planet's surface, dealing heavy damage to Serroco's Human settlements[3] and turning the Stereb cities into glass craters.[12]
2	Form I er den eldste formen, og bygger på prinsippene for ordinær sverdkamp. Dette er den første formen for lyssabelkamp ynglingene lærer seg, før de går videre med en annen form når de blir padawaner i lære hos en ridder eller mester. Noen svært få riddere og mestre brukte imidlertid også formen, slik som Kit Fisto, en særdeles dyktig fekter.
1	Imidlertid viste det sig at Vongerne ikke ville angribe Corellia eller Bothawui, men Fondor, hjemplaneten for en af Republikkens største skibsværfter. Kort før dette ledte Kyp Durron hans eskadrille i et forsøg på at redde fangerne på klyngskibet Creche, der indeholdt Jedien Wurth Skidder. Under dette angreb valgte Kommandør Chine-kal at sende skibet til Fondor, det planlagde mål. Da han mente at alt var klart beordrede Nas Choka, Yuuzhan Vong flådens øverstkommanderende, flåden til at angribe. Da ruten fra Bothawui til Fondor var dækket af miner, rejste den Hapanske flåde fra Commenor til Fondor. Før Hapanerne ankom havde selvmordsangreb fra Vongernes coralskippere ødelagt store dele af skibsværftet, og 30 af de skibe der var ved at blive bygget.
1	Efter invassionerne af Gyndine og Tynna troede den Nye Republiks Efterretningstjeneste at Yuuzhan Vongernes næste mål ville være Corellia eller Bothawui. Den Nye Republik valgte at forstærke Bothawui mens Corellia var åben for angreb. Selvom det tilsyneladende så ud til at de opgav den ene planet for at redde den anden, håbede den Nye Republik i virkeligheden på at lokke Vongerne til Corellia og aktiverer Centerpoint Station som en stor tyngdegenerator der kunne forhindre Vongerne i at forlade systemet.
2	På Coruscant ble det klart at det ikke fantes noen hjelp umiddelbart, og derfor bestemte dronning Amidala seg for å dra tilbake, og kjempe imot Føderasjonen. Med seg på laget trengte hun gungerne, da de kunne utgjøre en hær, og ved hjelp av Jar Jar kom hun i kontakt med dem. Gungerne gikk med på forslaget, mens Jar Jar selv ble utnevnt til general.
1	Da oprørerne forlod deres base på Yavin IV, flyttede de deres hovedkvarter til Hoth. 3 år efter slaget om Yavin sendte Imperiet Spionsonder ud i galaksen, og fandt oprørenes base.
2	Etter krigen trakk enkelte overlevede ARC Kommandoer seg, men resten trente Galaksens nye soldater, Stormtropper. Enkelte kommandoer deflekterte til Alliansen, mens andre ble dusørjegere eller leiemordere i Jango Fetts fotspor. De siste ARC medlemmene i Imperiet ble en del av elitelegionen 501. Legion.
3	Emarr Ottkreg was a male colonel and loyalty officer for the Imperial Security Bureau who was stationed aboard the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Vigilance during the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY. Strongly disliked by the Vigilance's admiral, Rae Sloane, Ottkreg questioned her tactics as she gave orders during the battle while he personally watched the fighting on the Star Destroyer's holotank. Ottkreg greatly enjoyed watching the destruction of the Rebel Alliance on the hologram but began trying to give orders to the crew once the battle started turning against the Empire. Realizing the Empire had lost and that the Death Star II was going to be destroyed, Sloane shot and killed Ottkreg rather than arguing with him when she ordered a retreat.
3	The Alliance Fleet,[10] with L'ampar in his A-wing and using the callsign of Green Two,[4] exited hyperspace above the forest moon of Endor, approaching the superweapon.[10] On the moon's surface the Pathfinders, an Alliance Special Forces unit,[4] were attempting to disable the Death Star's shield by destroying its shield generator, but when the Alliance Fleet arrived, the shield was still up and&#8212;previously unknown to the Rebellion&#8212;the superweapon was fully operational.[10]
3	Attack of the Clones was the first Star Wars film to use a high-definition digital 24-frame system for most of the its live-action scenes. The film was a financial success, grossing over $600 million at the worldwide box office. However, for the first time, a Star Wars film did not earn the highest box-office sales for the year; Attack of the Clones ended up fourth behind The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and Spider-Man.
3	If you would like to contribute to Wookieepedia as a member of this project, please take a look at our mission and other articles of quality, such as those that have attained Featured, Good, or comprehensive status. If you ultimately decide to join, please add your name at the bottom of this page under the "participants" section.
3	R2-D2, pronounced Artoo-Detoo and often referred to as R2 (Artoo), was an R2 series astromech droid manufactured by Industrial Automaton with masculine programming. A smart, spunky droid serving a multitude of masters over its lifetime, R2 never had a full memory wipe (apart from a partial mind-wipe by Cad Bane during the buildup to the senate hostage crisis) nor has he received new programming, with these factors resulting in an adventurous and independent attitude. Oftentimes finding himself in pivotal moments in galactic history, his bravery and ingenuity saved the galaxy time and time again.
3	The Galactic Republic, commonly known as the Republic and remembered as the Old Republic, was a federal parliamentary republic comprising thousands of worlds spread across the galaxy. Adhering to a democratic constitution, the Republic was governed by a legislative body of two thousand senators, known as the Galactic Senate, appointed to represent the interests of their respective homeworlds on the galactic stage. It was led by the Supreme Chancellor, who was chosen from among the Senate's ranks to arbitrate congressional sessions and represent the Republic as a whole. Coruscant, a planetary ecumenopolis located in the Core Worlds, was the Republic's capital, and therefore, where the Senate was headquartered.
3	During the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire, Jedi Master Orgus Din's former apprentice and the Padawan Kira Carsen dueled the Sith Lord Tarnis in the ruins of the Jedi Temple. In 3643 BBY, during a mission to rescue the Republic scientist "Doctor Eli Tarnis" from the Black Sun criminal syndicate, Din's fomer student&#8212;now a Jedi Knight&#8212;learned that the scientist was in fact a Sith Lord, and that he had stolen the Planet Prison superweapon in an attempt to unleash it upon the Republic capital of Coruscant.
2	Padme reiser nå til sin hjemplanet for å gjemme seg, sammen med Anakin. Obi-Wan derimot, prøver å lete opp denne dusørjegeren. På Naboo blir Padme og Anakin forelsket, men de vet begge to at det er umulig for dem med et forhold. Obi-Wan sporer på sin side opp denne mystiske dusørjegeren, etter et tips fra en gammel venn. I tillegg finner han en hemmelig klonehær, som faktisk tilhører Republikken.
3	The blockade continued for a year until 3660 BBY, when the Mirialan smuggler Hylo Visz recognized it as an opportunity for profit. Together with a band of her fellow smugglers and financial backing from the Hutt Cartel, Visz arranged for a fleet of freighters to be loaded with much-needed goods from the Outer Rim Territories. The smugglers piloted the cargo haulers towards the blockade, and while the Mandalorians were distracted by the apparently defenseless shipping vessels, Visz and her allies attacked with a fleet of smuggling vessels. Their ambush was soon joined by Republic reinforcements that helped to overwhelm the Mandalorian cruisers. The blockade was ultimately broken in the engagement, and Hylo Visz was able to bring her goods to Coruscant, where she was greeted as a hero. Despite the victory, the Republic was irreparably inundated following the blockade and continued to suffer heavy losses throughout the war as a result.
3	TX-828, known to his comrades as "Torrent," was a clone who was bred in the final years of the Galactic Republic. Following the formation of the Galactic Empire, TX-828 served as a sergeant in the Stormtrooper Corps and worked with Imperial Security Bureau Senior Commander Alecia Beck. By 0 BBY, TX-828 and Beck began tracking the Shrikes, special operatives in the Rebel Alliance, eventually locating the group on the planet Taanab. In 0 ABY, TX-828 led an ambush against the Shrikes, but one, Caluan Ematt, escaped.
3	The rebels soon arrived at the spice mines of Kessel, where their ship, the Ghost, fired upon the Imperial stormtroopers guarding the slaves. The rebels were able to make it into the mine and attack the stormtroopers, during which time they freed the prisoners. They were confronted by Kallus and his troops, who opened fire on the rebels and the Wookiees. As the Ghost engaged in battle with TIE fighters, the rebel leader, Kanan Jarrus, ignited his lightsaber and revealed himself as a Jedi who had survived the destruction of the Jedi Order. While Jarrus and other members of his crew secured most of the Wookiees, Bridger went in pursuit of the Wookiee child Kitwarr, who was being chased by a stormtrooper. Jarrus saved them both from Agent Kallus, and the Ghost fled from Kessel with the Wookiees, freeing them from captivity.
1	En del af Lusankya fungerede som et privat fængsel for Imperiets Efteretningstjenestes chef Ysanne Isard. Isard kunne komme frem til Lusankya gennem en række af hemmelige tunneler rundt omkring på planeten, der var forbundet til skibet. En af disse tunneler førte til det Galaktiske Museum, en anden til den 43. etage i Kejset Paladset, og en til Imperiets Senats bygning. Når hun forhørte Lusankya's fanger var Isard nådesløs, og brugte alle metoder hun så som nødvendige&#8212;såsom tortur og stoffer&#8212;for at få de oplysninger hun ville have. Hun gjorde også sine fanger, oftede fangede oprører, til sleeper agenter. Disse agenter bliv bagefter sendt tilbage til deres familier, venner, og kollegaer, hvor Isard brugte dem til at udspionere Oprørsalliancen, udføre sabotage, og myrde fjender.
2	I sumpene på Naboo møter de to gungeren Jar Jar Binks, som fører dem til en undersjøisk gungerby. Der får de transport til Theed, den irriterende Jar Jar tar de med seg som guide. I Theed redder de dronningen, som er blitt fanget av føderasjonen. Med henne har de reddet en del andre, og gruppen går til hovedhangaren, for å skaffe seg et skip. Der finner de dronningens skip.
2	På dagen det skulle stemmes for om det skulle lages en slik hær, ble skipet hennes ødelagt, og 7 mennesker ble drept. Hun mistenkte Grev Dooku, men det var faktisk hennes gamle fiende Nute Gunray som stod bak angrepet.
2	Senatet er et åpent diskusjonsforum for alle spørsmål, klager, forslag og meninger til Darth Wiki. Du er fri til å spørre om hva du vil. Spørsmål relatert til spesifike artikler bør heller bli spurt i artikkelens diskusjon.
2	Omtrent 500 år før Slaget ved Yavin ble Talus politistyrke Føderasjonen av Dobbeltverdene grunnlagt. Før deres tid var Talus styrt av monarker. Forkortet Fed-Dub (Federation of the Double Worlds), Fed-Dub sørget for ro og orden på Talus og Tralus.
1	Efter at have nået den Theede, at Jedi tåre gennem haverne i byen komme til byens centrum. Når de ikke, de frigiver  dronning  Amidala i hænderne på eskortere hendes battle droids. Efter et par træfninger på gaderne i hovedstaden, de når frem til hangaren og flyve væk fra planeten.
1	Under navnet Jundland, landede Skywalker sammen med et hold forklædt som stormtroopere. Da de skulle ind i basen dræbte holdet en hel deling stormtroopere. Derefter ryddede de området for lig, og tog rollen som deres afløsere.
1	Under krigen blev han fanget af Yuuzhan Vongerne, og mødte Vergere, der gav ham et nyt syn på livet. Jacen havde altid været en empatisk person, der blev gode venner med både mennesker og dyr; som barn udviklede han en sans for naturen og Den Levende Kraft. Men efter hans oplevelser med Vergere holdt han op med at danne bånd. I 40 ABY var Jacen's empati med andre stort set forsvundet, og han begyndte at falde til den mørke side, og han begyndte at toturere og dræbe mistænkte terrorister. I 40 ABY mødte han Lumiya og blev hendes Sith lærling, og, efter hun blev dræbt af Luke Skywalker, døbte Jacen sig selv Darth Caedus, og dræbte sin tante, Mara Jade Skywalker.
1	Nautolanere besad en normal amfibisk fysiologi, der inkluderede et godt syn i mørke og fantastiske svømmeegenskaber. De var i gennemsnit 1,8 meter høje, havde en blød grøn, blå eller brun hud, og store sorte eller mørke/rødbrunlige øjne med øjenlåg, som kun blev anvendt yderst sjældent. De var i stand til at være under vand i op til tre timer ad gangen.
3	Many articles reference topics that haven't been addressed in Wookieepedia yet, creating redlinks. Some reference many such topics; these articles are less useful to our users, because much of the related information they might want to seek is unavailable. It is helpful to create new articles to fill in the gaps of these articles with an excess of redlinks; you can find such articles here. Don't forget to remove the redlink tag from the original article once the majority of the links have been filled in.
3	For Round 2 of our Main Page changes, we've totally overhauled the navigation feature to move it out of the dropdown so that people can actually see it. We've greatly expanded it with additional sections and added a dropdown visual element. Other minor changes were made to the Random status article box, and the "Hide" feature was implemented for all of the MP's templates. Cade did most of the legwork, so I'll let him detail anything else I've missed. Feel free to comment. Toprawa and Ralltiir (talk) 00:33, April 12, 2014 (UTC)
3	The Plaque of Victory was a triangular-shaped metal ingot, containing an entity that fed on the life-force and emotions of other living beings and existed solely to bring about the destruction and downfall of those with whom it came into contact. While not being capable of actively harming a living being&#8212;being an inanimate object&#8212;the Plaque was able to manipulate and influence individuals around it, causing them to experience heightened feelings of aggression, suspicion, and paranoia toward one another. The resulting feelings would culminate in increasing levels of violence and homicidal behavior.
1	Ligesom deres lugtesans var det nautolanske sprog også blevet udviklet til at være optimalt under vand og ikke fuldt udtaleligt i en atmosfære med luft. På grund af det sprogvidenskabelige tab af detaljer, valgte de fleste nautolanere at tale anselminaniansk eller Galactic Basic, når de rejste til andre planeter. Udover dette brugte nautolanere andre meddelsomme stikord under vand, som for eksempel at læse hvirvlerne i de andre nautolaneres store øjne.
1	Rakatanernes civilisation spredte sig ud over en periode på tyve tusinde år, og på dets højde indeholdt det mere en 500 planeter og med en population på ti milliarder Rakata og en trillion slaver, selvfølgelig et meget lille tal hvis man sammenligner med Republikken og Imperiet.
2	George Lucas planla opprinnelig ni filmer, men om de siste tre noensinne blir laget vites ennå ikke. Selv har Lucas avvist at han vil produsere flere. Dessuten finnes også tegnefilmen Clone Wars, som handler om begivenhetene mellom episodene 2 og 3. Det jobbes nå også med en  The Clone Wars animasjons serie som vil ha oppstart i 2008. I forkant av dette vil det også bli sluppet en animasjonsfilm.
3	The Knights were garbed in black robes and armor; they purposely shielded their faces with masks and battle helms to inspire fear in their victims. Some of the Knights used vibro weapons like Ushar's war club, Ap'lek's Mandalorian executioner vibro-ax, Vicrul's scythe and Trudgen's vibrocleaver, while Cardo and Kuruk favored ranged weapons such as an arm cannon and a blaster rifle. Unlike the Knights, Kylo possessed his own lightsaber, as did his predecessor.
1	Efter Klonkrigene, brugte Imperiet Jabiim som en mineplanet, det resulterede i at deres værdifulde malmråstoffer blev udtømt. Under Imperiets besættelse, kæmpede en Jabiimisk oprørsgruppe mod Imperiet i omkring 19 år uden hjælp fra andre oprørsgrupper.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
3	With the return of Darth Sidious, the Sith Lord known to the galaxy as Emperor Palpatine, Rey set out to find the dark world of Exegol and prevent the Sith from being reborn. It was through Ren that Rey discovered her origins as the Emperor's granddaughter, and upon confronting Sidious in person, she was nearly swayed to the dark side of the Force. Rey was saved, however, by a redeemed Ben Solo, who ultimately renounced the dark persona of Kylo Ren. Aided by the spirits of all the Jedi, Rey died vanquishing her dark grandfather, causing Solo to make the ultimate sacrifice in order to bring Rey back to life. The two embraced and shared a kiss as Solo died peacefully in Rey's arms. Although Solo's death ended the Skywalker bloodline, Rey assumed the Skywalker surname to honor the family's legacy.
3	Mon Mothma was a human female politician and revolutionary leader who served in the Galactic Senate and Imperial Senate as the representative of Chandrila, the leader of the Alliance to Restore the Republic, and the first Chancellor of the New Republic. Mothma came to political prominence during the Separatist Crisis and the Clone Wars when, along with such allies as Senators Bail Organa and Padmé Amidala, she became an outspoken proponent of peace between the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy of Independent Systems. She also spoke out against the increase in executive power given to Supreme Chancellor Palpatine, who transformed the Republic into the Empire at the war's end.
3	Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
3	Secretly constructed in orbit around the forest moon of Endor, the Death Star II was larger than its 160-kilometer-wide predecessor and was constructed using more efficient methods. Positioned in synchronous orbit above Endor, the battle station was protected by a deflector shield projected by a ground-based shield generator. With the superlaser being the main priority, the weapon was completed by 4 ABY while the rest of the superstructure was still under construction. After the Empire secretly leaked the location of the "incomplete" second Death Star to Bothan spies working for the Rebellion, the Alliance Fleet arrived at Endor and were shocked to find the superlaser fully operational. In the ensuing battle, Rebel ground forces managed to destroy the shield generator protecting the Death Star, allowing Rebel starships to infiltrate the battle station's reactor core and destroy the station. Combined with the deaths of Emperor Sheev Palpatine and his apprentice, the Sith Lord Darth Vader, the destruction of the second Death Star was a significant defeat for the Empire. Within a year, the fractured Empire formally surrendered to the Rebellion's recently introduced government, the New Republic. What remained of the battle station fell on the waters of the ocean moon of Kef Bir.
3	The Battle of Endor, which saw the deaths of Emperor Sheev Palpatine and Darth Vader, allowed the Rebellion to form the New Republic. In the early days after Endor, Solo continued to lead the Pathfinders against the Empire. He married Organa, and the two had a son, Ben Solo. The boy struggled with the dark side of the Force&#8212;like his mother, who was the daughter of Darth Vader and twin sister of Luke Skywalker, Ben was Force-sensitive&#8212;so Organa sent him to be trained as a Jedi by Skywalker. He was seduced to the dark side by Snoke, Supreme Leader of the First Order, resulting in the destruction of Skywalker's attempt to rebuild the Jedi Order.
1	Da nyheden om angrebet på Fondor nåede Corellia, klargjorde Jedi Ridderen Anakin Solo, efter opfordring fra den tidligere Corellianske diktator Thrackan Sal-Solo, Centerpoint til affyring, mens Jacen Solo, der var imod ideen prøve at tale ham fra det. Anakin ville bruge stationens kæmpemæssige repulsors til at knuse Vong flåden, men blev talt fra det i sidste øjeblik af hans pacifistiske bror, Jacen. En rasende Sal-Solo aktiverede stationen i stedet.
3	Using poison gas, the Viceroy attempts to poison the two Jedi Knights, but fails. After having to battle through squads of battle droids, Jinn and Kenobi make their way to the command deck where Gunray is located, shielding himself behind blast doors. The Jedi are forced to flee upon the arrival of two Destroyer Droids, but with their ship, Radiant VII, now destroyed, the two Jedi stow themselves aboard two separate Federation landing craft leaving for the surface of Naboo to begin the invasion.
2	Den hjemplaneten Kubindi ble plaget av stråling bombardement i form av solenergi bluss ved sin blå gigantiske sol, og mange velstående elveblest flyttet offworld til 6 Ku'Bakai , 8 , og 11 .
3	In 4 ABY, Luke Skywalker of the Rebel Alliance arrived at Jabba's Palace in an attempt to rescue Han Solo. Skywalker was tricked into Jabba's rancor pit, where, to Malakili's distress, the rebel killed Pateesa. In the aftermath, Skywalker escaped with Solo, and Jabba was killed. Over the following months, Malakili was one of the last to leave the palace, and he wandered into the Dune Sea toward the Great Pit of Carkoon. Feeling purposeless without his creatures, Malakili considered committing suicide, and he wandered further into the desert.
3	The issuing of the order caused the droid to disregard his primary programming, overriding his desire to fight and granting him a new sense of individuality. Sometime later, the droid reactivated and found himself abandoned on the battlefield. Rather than rejoin the Confederate Droid Army, he decided to remain behind and provide medical assistance to both Confederate and Republic casualties of the fighting. He took to calling himself "Coppertop" and also customized his physical appearance, donning a cape and gaining a gold-colored crest on the top of his head. Count Dooku ordered his Dark Acolyte Asajj Ventress to recover Coppertop, so that he could examine and dismantle the droid, and she set out in pursuit of the errant battle droid, accompanied by the renowned Chiss bounty hunter Cyreltov.[2]
1	Da Chewie var ung, før han blev 100 år, var han kendte for hans evner til at navigere i Wroshyr træerne og hans evner med en hydrospanner. Chewbacca brugte meget tid på at reparere fartøjer med sine venner, der inkluderede Wookieen Dryanta. Chewbacca mødte først sin kommende kone, Mallatobuck, da han var ung men kendte ikke til Malla's følelser for ham. Malla var genert og prøvede at skjule sine følelser, hun skjulte også sine følelser da Chewbacca redede hende fra Trandoshanske slavehandlere. Men Chewbacca's fætter Jowdrrl var ven med Malla og hjalp med at skabe et forhold mellem de to. Uheldigvis gav deres forhold problemer da Wookieen Tojjevvuk begyndte at kæmpe for Malla. Chewbacca blev udfordret til duel af Tojjevvuk, hvor de kæmpede om Malla, men Tojjevvuk snød i duellen og brugte sine klør, hvilket var forbudt for Wookieer. Men Chewie's erfaringer med at navigere i Wroshyr træerne førte til Tojjevvuk's nederlag, og et velplaceret angreb fra Chewbacca sendte Tojjevvuk ned i Skyggelandende hvor han blev dræbt af de farlige dyr på Kashyyyk.[1]
1	Park blev født i Southern General Hospital i Glasgow og levede i Govan-området indtil i en alder af syv, da hans familie flyttede til London. Det var i denne alder han begyndte at træne Northern Shaolin Kung Fu. Syv år senere begyndte han også at træne Wushu og gymnastik. Han har siden tilegnet sig et andengrads sort bælte i Northern Shaolin Kung Fu. Han har deltaget mange gange i kampsportskonkurrencer og tilegnet sit mange priser fra dem inklusive, i en alder af 16, Storbritaniens Martial Arts National Championship i sin egen aldersgruppe. Han deltog som en del af det britiske wushu hold i 1993s World Wushu Games ii Malaysia.
3	As one of the foremost examples of the space opera subgenre of science fiction, Star Wars has become part of mainstream popular culture, as well as being one of the highest-grossing series of all time. It is currently the second highest-grossing film series behind only the Marvel Cinematic Universe.[1] and also the second highest-grossing media franchise of all time (with only the Japanese franchise Pok&#233;mon outranking it).
3	Upon completion, the Death Star II would have been an immense battle station 200 kilometers in diameter[12] that featured 560 internal levels which could house 2,471,647 passengers and crew.[2] The space station was divided into two hemispheres at the equatorial trench,[3] which itself featured a nested hierarchy of lesser trenches,[4] along with 768 tractor beam emplacements,[2] a multitude of docking bays,[5] and an incomplete ion engine array[3] used to rotate the massive installation. The outer "shell" of the battle station was made of quadanium steel, with the areas immediately above and below the equatorial trench being heavily armored. On the outer surface were the station's surface decks ("city sprawl"), which consisted of a dense conglomerate of towers.[4] Inside were the station's 560 inner decks,[2] which were positioned planarly, parallel to the equator. Artificial gravity was localized throughout the Death Star II. In the stacked inner decks, gravity was directed north to south while on the surface decks, gravity was directed towards the center of the station, allowing gun crews to stand on the surface of the globe. The Death Star II's two polar columns, which ran from the reactor to each pole, helped stabilize the station's rotational capabilities.[4] The station's two command sectors were located at the north and south poles, with the south also serving as temporary quarters for outer shell construction crews and as space for emergency replenishment stations for labor droids. Above the Death Star II's main weapon, the superlaser dish installed in the station's northern hemisphere, was the command bridge. Patterned after the bridge of the original Death Star,[4] the command bridge was where the superweapon's systems were monitored and controlled.[5] Located on the station's north pole was Emperor Palpatine's personal isolation tower, a one-hundred-story tower which served as the Sith Lord's command center and personal abode while on the battle station. The tower, designed from the outside to be intimidating and menacing, was patterned after Palpatine's personal headquarters on Coruscant, the Imperial Palace, formerly known as the Jedi Temple.[4]
2	Som en protest mot skattlegging av handel i de ytre territoriene, har den mektige Handelsføderasjonen, blokkert den fredelige planeten Naboo. Jediene Qui-Gon Jinn og Obi-Wan Kenobi er blitt sent for å forhandle med føderasjonen. I stedet for å forhandle med jediene blir de angrepet, og må flykte. Når de ankommer Naboo, innser de at de må komme seg til dronningen, for å advare henne mot en kommende invasjon.
1	Windu optræder første gang i Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace . som Master of the Jedi Order [1] Han er til stede, når Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn ( Liam Neeson ) bringer Anakin Skywalker ( Jake Lloyd ) før Jedi Rådet, hævder at den unge slave er "udvalgte" som Jedi profeti forudsiger vil skabe balance på Kraften . Windu deler Rådets betænkeligheder, at drengen udviser en stor frygt, og er enig med kroppens enstemmige beslutning om at nægte Qui-Gon tilladelse til at træne ham som en Jedi. Men efter Qui-Gon død i hænderne på den Sith Lord Darth Maul ( Ray Park , og stemme af Peter Serafinowicz ), Rådet revurderer og tillader Qui-Gon lærling, Obi-Wan Kenobi ( Ewan McGregor ), at uddanne Anakin i stedet . Han er til stede ved Qui-Gon begravelse, på hvilket tidspunkt han bekræfter med Yoda (stemme af Frank Oz ), at Qui-Gon morder var uden tvivl en Sith, selvom de ikke var sikker på, om dette var skibsføreren eller bare lærlingen.
1	CC-2224 began his life as one of countless cloned officers slated for a leadership position in the Grand Army of the Republic. Early on in his career, he showed a flair for independent thought that often drew the always-prying eyes of the Kaminoans.
1	Da de vendte hjem til Coruscant, blev de mødt af Leia og Threepio. Det tog noget tid for dem at tilvænne sig livet hos deres mor, efter at have levet næsten to år, uden deres forældres deltagelse.
2	Mens Helen gikk for å hente yttertøyet, pratet jeg litt med hennes foreldre. Jeg likte ikke pappaen så han kommer jeg til å vaporisere. Helens mamma sa ikke så mye, dersom man ser bort fra et par gurglende lyder som unnslapp henne fra tid til annen. Men høflig som jeg er uttrykte jeg i det minste min glede over å ha truffet dem.
3	Rose Tico, her older sister Paige[1] and her parents Hue and Thanya[9] grew up on Hays Minor, a impoverished mining colony in the Otomok system.[1] Rose and her sister trained in their grandmother Etta's Z-95 Headhunter simulation. During one of their simulations, Rose crashed. She and her family would watch holodramas, some of which included fathiers.[9]
3	In the year 3681 BBY, the Rimma Trade Route was blockaded by the reconstituted Sith Empire in an attempt to strangle the resources of the Galactic Republic. The action was one of the earliest conflicts of the Great Galactic War, and occurred shortly after the Empire's return to the known galaxy. As part of the Sith Emperor's plan to secure the galaxy's Outer Rim Territories, the Rimma super-hyperroute was locked down, which resulted in further Republic losses and interior political turmoil. While Republic forces in the Outer Rim suffered from a lack of supplies and reinforcements&#8212;particularly those in the embattled Minos Cluster&#8212;military leaders organized efforts to retake the Rimma Trade Route. After the Republic Army's first unsuccessful counterattack, the blockade was ended in 3680 BBY, when a fleet of the Republic Navy regrouped in the Seswenna sector and launched a second assault. The attack succeeded in breaking the Empire's hold on the route, thereby allowing the Republic to ship war materiel and reinforcements to Outer Rim battlefronts.
3	Original research refers to material that is not attributable to a reliable, published source. This includes unpublished facts, arguments, ideas, statements, and neologisms; and any unpublished analysis or synthesis of published material that appears to advance a position. Material added to articles must be directly and explicitly supported by the cited sources.
2	Dookus voldelige handlinger kunne forklares med hans omvendelse til den mørke siden, som gav ham sithnavnet Darth Tyranus, og en ny mester i Darth Sidious. Dookus evner forbedret seg med dette kraftig, og med tiden lærte han seg blant annet å sende ut kraftlyn.
3	The pair, along with the astromech droid R2-D2, arrived on Vetine and had Bey claim that she was Commander Alecia Beck of the Imperial Security Bureau. Under the pretense that "Beck" was performing a surprise inspection of the base, they gained access and were briefly given a tour by the base's commander, Commandant Hurron. The commandant, however, knew that Bey was not Commander Beck and lured them into a trap in the research lab containing the tree fragments. Skywalker and Bey fought their way out of the base after successfully retrieving the tree, and their escape resulted in the deaths of Commandant Hurron and several stormtroopers. After the mission, Skywalker took one of the trees for himself and gifted the second to Bey and her husband, Kes Dameron, and they planted it outside their new home on Yavin 4 after ending their service in the Rebel Alliance.
2	Mester Yoda har ankommet. Han gir Anakin og Ahsoka beskjed om å dra til Teth for å redde  Jabbas sønn. Obi-Wan skal samtidig dra til Tatooine for å gjøre en avtale med Jabba om hva  Republikken skal få til gjengjeld. Når Obi-Wan kommer til Jabba får han vite at dersom  Republikken ikke greier å redde sønnen hans på Teth vil han kontakte  Separatistene i stedet.
3	Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, marketed as Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, is a 2019 film directed by J.J. Abrams from a script by Abrams and Chris Terrio. It is the third and final film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy. The film, produced by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy, is a continuation of 2015's The Force Awakens, which Abrams also directed and co-wrote, and 2017's The Last Jedi. Lucasfilm has referred to The Rise of Skywalker as the final installment of the Skywalker saga.
1	Efter et kort besøg på Hapes efter Myrkr og Coruscants fald til Yuuzhan Vongerne, sluttede Tesar sig igen til Wild Knights og kæmpede ved slaget om Borleias under General Wedge Antilles.
3	Following the death of Tomaas and the Imperialization of Azzameen assets after an attempted counterattack on Viraxo holdings and a failed covert delivery, the droid, along with Ace, Aeron, and Emon, sought refuge with the Alliance; Ace would eventually enlist and Emkay often visited him on his various postings aboard Alliance Star Cruisers. During these visits, the droid would track Ace's successes, maintain Ace's growing collection of souvenirs from battles, and inform Ace of upcoming family missions. The droid would again accompany Ace as he flew on these family missions, many of which were intended to assist the Rebel Alliance, albeit discreetly, as the surviving Azzameens attempted to restore their business. Emkay and the rest of the Azzameen children were betrayed by Antan Azzameen, Tomaas's brother and co-owner of Twin Suns Transport Services, after Antan forged a deal with the Empire to reclaim the family business; this trap would not be successful.
2	Da jediene til syvende og sist oppdaget at han var en sithfyrste, brukte han deres arrestasjonsforsøk som et påskudd for å sette i gang ordre 66, en stor utryddelsesaksjon av jediene. Krigen endte raskt etter dette, da den ikke lenger tjente Sidious noe formål, og for senatet erklærte han seg som keiser. Igjen hadde sithene total kontroll over galaksen. Sidious fikk seg dessuten en ny elev, Darth Vader. Store deler av Vaders enorme potensial gikk imidlertid tapt i en lyssabelkamp mot hans gamle mester.
1	Det Andet Slag om Borleias var et slag de blev udkæmpet mellem Yuuzhan Vongerne og den Nye Republiks styrker efter Coruscants Fald der begyndte med at den Nye Republik genindtog Borleias fra Yuuzhan Vongerne. Pwoe og en række Senatorer ankom til planeten og beordrede Generalen af Flåde Gruppe Tre, Wedge Antilles, til at holde på Borleias for at give Republikken tid til at samle sig efter tabet af Coruscant. Antilles sagde ja, men kun på betingelse af at der ikke ville blive politiske indblandinger i hans handlinger.
3	Orson Callan Krennic was a human male who served as Director of the Imperial Military Department of Advanced Weapons Research, which belonged to Imperial Intelligence and the Imperial Security Bureau during the Imperial Era. Additionally, he was the commander of the DS-1 Orbital Battle Station up to the beginning of the Galactic Civil War. Born on Lexrul during the Republic Era, fifty-one years before the Battle of Yavin, Krennic began his career as a Lieutenant Commander in the Galactic Republic. Following the Clone Wars he was promoted to commander and later the fleet equivalent of admiral upon the formation of the Galactic Empire. Persistent and ambitious, Krennic was responsible for the development and construction of the Empire's enormous Death Star superweapon. An old friend of crystallographer Galen Erso, Krennic manipulated the brilliant scientist into researching synthetic kyber crystals under the pretext of researching sustainable energy. In reality, Krennic weaponized Erso's crystal research for the battle station's planet-killing superlaser, hoping this would place him above his long-time rival Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin and win the favor of Emperor Palpatine. Krennic was also held accountable for security of the project, quelling rumors of the Empire's secret enterprise for the two decades of its assembly. For these many purposes he commanded a squad of death troopers, serving as both a sword and shield when the Director found himself in battle.
3	Appointed to serve in the Imperial Military at the discretion of Grand General Cassio Tagge, Cylo's subjects served as operatives in the Empire's escalating war with the Rebel Alliance and various uprisings against the New Order while the doctor also served as a consultant. When the nobility of the mining world of Shu-Torun rose up against the Imperial-backed government of Queen Trios, the Emperor gave command of the military intervention to Vader while Tagge sent Cylo and his subjects to support the war effort. Frustrated with Vader's dismissal of him and determined to knock him out of the competition for a place as the Emperor's enforcer, Cylo conspired with the rebellious ore-dukes to isolate and kill the Dark Lord. Once his plans were discovered by the Sith Lord, Cylo and his remaining subjects were forced to flee, having been exposed as traitors.
2	De Mustafarians ble en egosentrisk folk som ønsket noe mer enn å klemme noen ressurs de kunne av seg vulkanske planeten . De var generelt likegyldig om saker av utenforstående, og ble ikke vanlig sett off-verden. Hvis de var, var det som regel for handel eller forretningsmessige årsaker.
3	As opposed to waging all-out war, the Alliance waged a war of attrition against the government, establishing small bases across the galaxy instead of controlling an entire planet.
2	Klonekrigene, også kalt Klonekrigen, var en tre år lang krig mellom Den galaktiske republikk og Konføderasjonen av uavhengige systemer. Åpningslaget fant sted på planeten Geonosis der den Galaktiske Republikk overrasket Konføderasjonen med sin nyskapte klonehær. Krigen endte med at  Darth Vader, tildligere Anakin Skywalker, dro til Mustafar og drepte Separatistlederene, samtidig som Kansleren erklærte at Den galaktiske Republikk skulle bli et imperium med han selv som overhode.
1	Iella og Diric var ofte adskilt på grund af deres arbejde. Diric var i virkeligheden en agent for imperiet, fanget og hjernevasket af Isard i imperiets fængselsfaciliteter på Lusankya. Da Iella eskorterede den tidliger imperie officer Kirtan Loor til republikkens fangeskab, blev de angrebet af en Imperial snigmorder, der dræbte Loor før Iella skød ham. Tragisk nok fandt hun ud af at morderen var Diric, der i sine sidste øjeblikke takkede hende for at have befriet ham fra Isard's kontrol.[1]  I 9 ABY tog Iella hævn ved at skyde og dræbe Isard under the Rogues' kamp mod admiral/krigsherre Delak Krennel.[3]
2	Filmene er ikke fastsatt i tid, og det eneste hintet en får til hvilken tid filmene finner sted i er åpningslinja, fra alle filmene: «A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away...», eller som i den norske oversettelsen: «For lenge siden, i en galakse langt, langt borte». Men om dette skal tolkest som at filmene faktisk finner sted for lenge, lenge siden eller om det er en allusjon til den klassiske åpningslinjen i eventyr, «Det var en gang, i et land langt, langt borte&#160;...» er usikkert. Fra filmselskapet har man ikke fått noen ytterligere informasjon.
3	Tace did as Tula asked and frequently updated her on Organa's activities, letting her sister know when Organa traveled to the planet Sullust to make contact with the Alderaan Enclave located there. Tula immediately passed on the information to Dreed, who was impressed by her manipulation of Tace, but Dreed warned Tula that he was ready for her to betray him given her emotional bond with her sister. Meanwhile, on Sullust, a resident of the enclave named Covis discovered the communications between Tula and Tace and reported them to Preserver Jora Astane, head of the enclave. Astane accused Organa herself of betraying the Alderaanians to the Imperials and had her chased from the enclave. As the Alderaanians tried to hunt down Organa, a Sentinel-class landing craft full of stormtroopers sent by Dreed arrived and attacked the enclave. Ultimately, Organa saved the enclave and defeated the troopers using a herd of rockrenders, earning Astane's loyalty and escaping Sullust.[4]
3	Deltic found that Skelly had been partially correct, as Cynda could be destroyed by explosives, but such a blast would need a higher quality and greater quantity of explosives than Gorse had in all its supplies combined. She confirmed for the count that after the moon's fragmentation, large quantities of thorilide would remain in the system and so could be harvested, although she warned that some of the mineral would be ejected from the system entirely and some would end up on the surface of Gorse. Vidian was uninterested in the fate of those on Gorse's surface, but Sloane demanded to know what Deltic's findings predicted would happen. The lieutenant explained that parts of the moon would fall as meteors, with the amount depending on where Cynda was at in its lunar cycle when destroyed.[1]
1	The Phantom Menace Denne handling adventure spil baseret på filmen  The Phantom Menace , udgivet af LucasArts 30 April 1999 i USA. I Polen blev spillet udgivet den 20. september samme år gennem Licomp Empik Media. Producenten af ​​spillet er studiet Big Ape Productions.
2	Solo fikk graden kaptein i Alliansen, og gjemte seg med de andre på planeten Hoth. Da basen ble angrepet av Imperiet flyktet han og Leia med Millennium Falcon. Solo klarte utrolig nok til slutt å rømme fra Imperiets flåte. I de rolige stundene under Imperiets jakt på dem, kom Solo og Leia nærmere hverandre.
2	De reiste nå gjennom planetkjernen, før de kom seg opp til Theed, hvor de befridde Naboos dronning, Amidala. Med de dyktige jediene på laget klarte de da og å få tak i et skip, samt å passere Føderasjonens blokade. Imidlertid ble skipet noe skadet, slik at de måtte innom Tatooine for å få tak i nye deler.
3	Keto dropped the illusion at that moment and revealed a fleet of Tetan attack ships. Krath-dispatched CX-133 Chaos fighters swarmed and strafed the shipyard, which resulted in the swift destruction of the facilities' defensive emplacements. Basilisk war droid-mounted Mandalorians penetrated the modules and stormed the control decks and operations centers. Tetan troops, equipped with jetpacks, also boarded the stations to reinforce overwhelming force of the Mandalorian offensive.[1] While the Republic forces attempted to fend off the Krath assault in futility, one of their number, a Human named Dace Golliard, fled the battle in an attempt to save his own life.[4]
1	The Exchange var hovedlevarandøren af slaver på Taris. Da de opdagede at Juhanis mor var død lagde de gælden over på Juhanis skuldre, som ikke kunne betale og hun blev derfor slave. Dette markerede den værste tid i hendes liv. Hun blev behandlet som et dyr indtil en Jedi befriede hende lige inden hun skulle sælges til hendes fars morder.[1]
2	I tillegg til filmer har det blitt laget utallige leker, bøker, tegneserier, brettspill og dataspill om Star Wars. Forbes Magazine har estimert totalinntektene fra alle Star Wars-relaterte produkter til nesten 20 milliarder amerikanske dollar, dette gjør det til den mest lønnsomme filmkonsesjonen noen sinne.
1	Under infiltrationen frigav Deena Shan oplysninger om en oprørs base på planeten Thila. I virkeligheden var basen forladt, og fyldt med fælder og miner. I det efterfølgende slag, blev hele Stormtrooper holder dræbt. Til Deena's fortvivlels var det hendens elsker, Kaptajn Kale Roshuir, der ledte angrebet, men han overlevede.
3	Before the rise of the Galactic Republic, its predecessor, the Old Republic, gradually declined and ultimately fell[9] as a result of its conflict with the Sith.[14] The Sith&#8212;a malevolent order of dark side Force users,[15] founded by rogue Jedi during the Hundred-Year Darkness[16]&#8212;were able to establish their rule over the galaxy for a period of time.[2] After the fall of the ancient Sith,[5] a number of star systems united to form the democratic union known as the Galactic Republic.[1] Under the protection of the Jedi Order,[17] the Republic existed in a state of relative peace and stability[1] that lasted for a millennium until the advent of the Clone Wars in 22 BBY.[12]
1	Da Thrawn krisen var forbi, indså man, at tvillingerne var i fare for at blive kidnappet af Imperie folk, til deres egen fordel, samt at det var en risiko for kraftfølsomme spædbørn. Derfor blev hun og Jacen sendt til et hemmeligt sted, sammen med Winter, på planeten New Alderaan først og senere på Anoat sammen med deres lillebror Anakin
1	The New Jedi Order (også kendt som NJO) er en serie på 27 historier (primært romaner) der foregår mellem 25 og 30 ABY. Bøgerne handler om hvordan Star Wars galaksen bliver invaderet af de extragalaktiske Yuuzhan Vong krigere, der på deres vej skader galaksen som den aldrig er blevet før. Serien handler også om krigens virkning, og vi ser hvordan den ændrer livene på karaktererne på begge sider af konflikten. Gennem serien bliver oganisationer som Luke Skywalker's Nye Jedi Orden, Den Nye Republik og forholdene mellem Star Wars heltene afprøvet og ændret.
3	With an armada of over thirty Harrower-class dreadnaughts, the Sith Empire invaded the Horuset system and engaged the small number of Jedi and Republic defenders in orbit over Korriban. Aboard a Republic space station, Jedi Padawan Satele Shan, Master Kao Cen Darach, and several Republic troopers fought in vain against boarding Sith soldiers and Imperial battle droids. During their attempts to escape Korriban and warn the Republic of the Empire's return, the Jedi and troopers were met by the Sith Lord Vindican and his apprentice, Malgus. Although Shan and her Master held the two off for a time, the younger Jedi was eventually forced to flee and leave Darach behind to fight alone. While she and one of the troopers escaped the station with the assistance of an incarcerated smuggler, Nico Okarr, Master Darach remained aboard and continued to battle the avenging Sith. The Zabrak Jedi was killed by Malgus during the duel and the remaining Republic and Jedi forces were annihilated, clearing a path for the Sith to return to their homeland. After a thousand years of exile from the holy planet, the Empire retook Korriban and re-established it as a training ground, wherein students studied to continue the war with the Republic. Despite Shan's survival, the recapture was so efficiently and surprisingly performed that an extended period of time passed before the Jedi Council even learned of Korriban's loss.
1	Senere blev hun "Leder af det Galaktiske Imperium" og modsatte sig Trioculus og Kadann. Hun fjernede sig rang mærke, og bar en rød version af en Stor Admirals uniform. Det var under hendes ledelse at Imperiet begyndte sit lange, langsomme fald. Hun er flere gange blevet beskrevet som "Kejser i alt andet en titel" og er også blevet kaldt Kejserinde Isard. Det var Isard der frigav den dødbringende Krytos virus på Coruscant og ødelagde en stor del af byen med sit personige flagskib/fængsel Lusankya. Hun overlede Bacta Krigen og fortsatte sin kamp mod Den Nye Republik efter Thrawn's felttog, men blev besejret og dræbt.
3	In the wake of victories such as the Battle of Alderaan[5] and a campaign under the leadership of General Jace Malcom,[2] the Galactic Republic began to gather a fleet of prototype starships and powerful warships, led by the legendary prototype superdreadnaught Star of Coruscant, with the purpose of eventually attacking the Sith Empire's capital of Dromund Kaas and ending the Great Galactic War. However, in 3665 BBY,[5] a secret Chiss enclave on the planet Hoth intercepted coded Republic messages indicating the fleet's existence and that it would soon pass along a secret route in the Outer Rim Territories. The enclave notified Imperial Intelligence, as the Chiss Ascendancy was an ally of the Empire,[6] and the Imperial Navy gathered near the system.[5]
3	Jori Daragon arrived on the scene at that moment and spotted the dead body of Aarrba. Blaming her brother for the Hutt's death, Jori became enraged and slew the lone remaining Massassi guard with her activated lightsaber.[1] With tears in her eyes, she confronted Gav about Aarrba's death. Overcome with the emotion of the situation, Gav Daragon fled the scene. He returned to his flagship and abandoned the battlefield of Koros Major to confront Naga Sadow, hoping to end the war that had ravaged his home and driven him and his sister apart. Without their commander, the Sith force was defeated by Teta and the Koros military.[2]
2	Samtidig er Anakin og Ahsoka i møte med kanslerer og noen fra jedirådet og informerer om at flåten til Ploo Koon trolig har blitt ødelagt og at de er i ferd med å innlede en redningsaksjon. De får imidlertid ikke tillatelse.
3	Content approaching. The Rebellion Begins, Star Wars Rebels Magazine, Star Wars: Kanan, Endangered, Part 1, Endangered, Part 2, The Beast Within–class.
3	Synara San was a female Mirialan who served as a member of Kragan Gorr's Warbird gang during the era of the New Republic. The Warbirds raided the Colossus refueling platform on behalf of the First Order, which wanted to occupy the station for their upcoming war to reconquer the galaxy. Following a botched raid on a Darius G-class freighter, Synara was rescued by the Resistance pilots Kazuda Xiono and Poe Dameron; the former who had become a resident of the Colossus.
1	Det Første Slag om Coruscant, også kendt som Coruscants Fald eller Slaget om Yuuzhan'tar, var et stort slag der endte med at Coruscant, hovedstaden af den Nye Republik, faldt i hænderne på de nådesløse extragalaktiske Yuuzhan Vonger. Det var et af de største slag i Yuuzhan Vong Krigen og måske det mest ødelæggende Slag om Coruscant i historien.
1	Leder af den 7th Sky Corps, though he typically took personal command of the 212th Attack Battalion, Cody was a loyal and competent soldier who always followed his orders.
1	Alligevel lykkedes det for nogle Amani krigere at komme uden om forsvaret om natten, og sabotere en af Imperiets Juggernaut Tanks. Derved forhindrede de Imperiet i at tilkalde hjælp, og ødelagde tanken.
1	Jaina udviste i en tidlig alder interesse for mekanik, hvilket hjalp hende og sine brødre i, da de blev kidnappet af en mand ved navn Hethrir og som lod som om han var deres værge, men var i virkeligheden en del af det andet Imperium og havde kun til hensigt a bruge Solo børnene til sin egen fordel. Ved hælp af et multiværktøj, fik Jaina boret sig vej ud af sit værelse og fik befriet Jacen samt andr børn der blev holdt tilbage af Hethrir. De blev senere samlet op af Leia og Chewie og var med til at redde deres lillebror ud af kløerne på Hethrir.
3	If you read something that you really like, then why not drop a note on the article's talk page? First select the Discussion link (look for it in the tabs above the page), to get to the talk page. Then select Edit on the talk page, or click the + to the right of Edit to simply add a new comment. We always love to get a little positive feedback.
2	Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back er en amerikansk science fiction-film fra 1980, regissert av Irvin Kershner. Den var den andre Star Wars-filmen som ble laget, og nummer 5 i sagaen. Den blir blant fans oftest referert til som ESB eller TESB.
3	At that moment, an Imperial armada of over thirty Sith battlecruisers jumped out of hyperspace[3] into the Horuset system,[12] near Korriban and its space station. The warships, having taken advantage of hyperlanes opened by the Empire's Tingel Arm campaign,[5] immediately dispatched numerous wings of interceptor starfighters that began strafing runs on the Republic's station. The first few volleys inflicted heavy damage on the installation, causing reactive explosions throughout the station and setting fire to several internal areas of the structure. Shortly afterward, boarding parties consisting of the Imperial Army's Sith troops and assault droids landed on the station and engaged Republic personnel on board.[3]
3	The Pulas was wielded for generations by various members of the Sith Order, powerful users of the dark side of the Force, and it eventually disappeared around the time of the Ruusan campaign[1] at the end of the New Sith Wars.[3] The crystal came to reside within a Sith fortress on the planet Almas in the Cularin system, where it lay undisturbed for centuries.[1] Around 31 BBY,[1] a team of Jedi researchers led by the Wookiee Jedi Master Kirlocca undertook an expedition into the depths of the Sith fortress and discovered the artifact. However, the Believers&#8212;a Sith-worshiping cult that was active on Almas&#8212;learned of the researchers' discovery and were determined to claim the Pulas for themselves. As the Jedi were transporting the crystal en route to the Almas Academy, a Jedi training institution situated on the world, a group of Believers attacked the researchers and tried to steal the artifact, though the Jedi defeated the Believers and successfully brought the crystal to the Academy.[1]
3	Zorii Bliss was a human female native to the frigid planet Kijimi.[4] She was the leader of the Spice Runners of Kijimi. During the war between the First Order and the Resistance, Bliss was neutral,[1] and she spent time in Kijimi's Thieves' Quarter. She shared a past connection with Poe Dameron as he was once a spice runner along with her, but Poe Dameron joined the Resistance and abandoned Bliss. The two would meet again when Dameron led Resistance operatives to Kijimi to find the hidden world Exegol. After the destruction of Kijimi, Bliss participated in the Battle of Exegol, which saw the destruction of the Final Order. Their encounters during the last moments of the Final Order saw exchanges of flirtations between the two, indicating a past relationship.[3]
1	Sebulba tilbragte sine indtjening på en dekadent livsstil nydes af meget få Dugs. Hans mest værdsatte besiddelser omfattede et par Twi'lek søstre, som er opkaldt Ann og Tann Gella , der var dygtige massører. Han har også ejet mindst to flere kvindelige Twi'lek slaver, en Rutian og en Lethan , der var i hans lejlighed ved 32 BBY . Sebulba ofte brugte sin berømmelse efter billige dalliances med Dug hunner. Sebulba havde også sine hænder i flere slider ringe til Gardulla den Ældre , eventuelt som gengældelse for sine egne elendige oplevelser som en slave. Selvom Sebulba kunne behandle slaver grusomt, han havde respekt for dem, fordi han var en slave selv og udbrød, at han ville engang squash Anakin, hvis den menneskelige dreng ikke var en slave.
3	In 5 ABY, three months after the Battle of Endor, Commander Luke Skywalker and Lieutenant Shara Bey of the Alliance to Restore the Republic undertook a mission to the planet Vetine in order to infiltrate an Imperial base. Their objective was to retrieve the last remaining fragments of a Great Tree that once dwelled at the heart of the Jedi Temple, before Darth Sidious declared himself Emperor and converted the Jedi Temple into the Imperial Palace.
1	Williams komponerede musikken til adskillige film og TV-serier fra 1950'erne og frem. Hans musik til filmen The Reivers fra 1969 blev skelsættende for Williams. Det var denne filmmusik, der fangede den unge filminstruktør Steven Spielbergs interesse. Spielberg hyrede Williams til at skrive musikken til sin film Sugarland Express fra 1974 og har aldrig brugt en anden komponist siden. Da George Lucas lavede den første Star Wars-film i 1977 var det Spielberg, der anbefalede George Lucas at bruge John Williams.
2	George Lucas er mannen bak den fenomenalt populære Star Wars-sagaen, filmene om Indiana Jones og er styreformann i Lucasfilm Ltd., LucasArts Entertainment Company LLC, Lucas Digital Ltd. LLC., Lucas Licensing Ltd. og Lucas Learning Ltd.
3	The castle's construction caused natural disasters across the planet, prompting the native Mustafarians to launch an attack on Vader. Although the attack failed, it gave Momin's spirit the opportunity to open a portal through the Force inside the Sith cave and summon his physical body while Vader was distracted with the Mustafarians. However, Momin's resurrection proved short-lived, as Vader killed the ancient Sith Lord and passed through the portal himself. Even though he was unable to save Amidala, the visions Vader experienced throughout his journey into the portal allowed him to accept his fate.
3	Organa then had Tace try and question her sister, but Tula's commanding officer, Dreed, realized what was happening and had Tula taken away by stormtroopers for processing. Organa negotiated with Dreed to exchange herself for Tula on the planet Skaradosh, but once there, the princess had her allies swoop in and kill Dreed and his men. Tula was then reunited with her sister but found Tace angry over her betrayal. The sisters were reconciled to some extent during a battle between Dreed's Star Destroyer and the Alderaanians gathered by Organa above the planet Espirion, which ended in the Imperial vessel's destruction.
3	Ottkreg was still aboard the Vigilance when the Rebel Alliance staged its attack on the Death Star above Endor[1] in 4 ABY.[2] During the battle, he made his way to the Star Destroyer's bridge with Lyle and approached Sloane while she commanded her crew. The admiral led Ottkreg to the forward part of the bridge, so that the crew was less likely to overhear them, after which Ottkreg questioned Sloane on why the Vigilance was only assuming a defensive position and not attacking the Alliance Fleet.[1]
3	Deltic, nicknamed Lieutenant Strangechild by her crewmate Commander Nibiru Chamas, was a human lieutenant in the Imperial Navy and the planetary science specialist of the Imperial Star Destroyer Ultimatum during its mission to the Gorse system in 11 BBY. She provided a report for the industrialist Count Denetrius Vidian and Captain Rae Sloane on the possibility of destroying the moon Cynda using explosives, causing Vidian to set in motion such a plan to more efficiently harvest the mineral thorilide.
3	Tula's sister finally learned the truth in the year 0 ABY,[3] shortly after the Battle of Yavin,[1] when Leia Organa, Princess of Alderaan, rescued the Melodic Order from the club as part of her mission to rescue the survivors of Alderaan from Imperial persecution, then invited them to join her mission. Once off Naboo and aboard Organa's starship, the Lord Junn, Tace used a video call to contact Tula,[1] who was serving on the Imperial-class Star Destroyer of Commander Dreed.[4] Unaware that her sister was an Imperial, Tace tried to arrange for the sisters to meet up and mourn, but Tula, seeing an opportunity to gain intelligence on the fugitive Alderaanians' activity, told Tace that it was her duty to stay with Organa and aid her. She then asked that Tace contact her every day with an update on her location and activities, so that the pair could "keep in touch."[1]
3	In 3998 BBY, the curator of the Museum of Dark Side Antiquities on Coruscant was nearing the completion of an exhibit in the Museum's Sith Hall titled The Dark Lords of the Sith. It was during the final stages of construction[3] that Satal and Aleema Keto, socialite cousins from the Empress Teta star system, arrived on Coruscant, hoping to satisfy their curiosity for dark side objects.[1] Their search led them to the Galactic Museum, where they were directed toward the Sith Hall and its collection of dark side artifacts. Pretending to be innocent tourists, the Ketos met with the curator and requested access to the exhibit. The curator at first denied them, stating that the presentation was still in its production stages. When the Ketos asked the curator again for permission to view the artifacts despite its incompleteness, he again refused them, this time citing explicit instructions from the Jedi Order to restrict access to anyone until the Jedi themselves were able to implement an adequate security detail to police the exhibit.[3]
3	The Plaque of Victory was first discovered on the planet Aaris III, located in the Kathol sector of the Outer Rim Territories, several thousand years before the Galactic Civil War, although it was not native to the planet. The Plaque's influence caused civil unrest among the planet's inhabitants, the Aaris, and the Plaque was hidden by a scholar called Kastays in the hope of negating the Plaque's influences. The plan did not work, and the Aaris descended into civil war. Their civilization fell to ruins, and the Plaque remained hidden for several millennia.
3	A year after the battle of Crait, Supreme Leader Kylo Ren leads a vicious assault against Alazmec colonists on Mustafar, seeking a wayfinder owned by Ren's grandfather, Darth Vader; he requires the device as a guide in his hunt for the returned Sith Emperor Palpatine, who he perceives as a threat to his power. The Leader slaughters many colonists alongside his stormtroopers before retrieving the device and slotting it into his ship, allowing its dark power to lead him through the crimson energy storms that surround the fabled Sith vastness of Exegol.
3	BB-8 managed to track the stolen freighter to one of the Star Destroyers. Following a pursuit, Poe managed to escape into hyperspace and return to Mirrin Prime. Upon returning to the Mirrin Prime Republic base, BB-8 and Poe were detained by Shore police, who brought Poe before General Leia Organa, the leader of splinter faction of the New Republic military that monitored the activities of the First Order. BB-8 followed Dameron when he left the New Republic fleet and joined the Resistance. Poe was joined by Karé and Iolo.[9]
3	A few days into the hunt, Tano and two other survivors destroyed the guild's freighter. The hunter Smug went to investigate, and Krix eventually flew a hover pod to the downed ship to pick up Smug. However, Smug's request for a pickup was a trap orchestrated by Tano's group, and Krix was soon incapacitated by the recently freed Wookiee captive Chewbacca, who, along with Tano's companions, stole the hover pod. After an ensuing skirmish between Tano's group and the Trandoshans dissolved Garnac's guild, Krix moved on to the planet Nal Hutta.
3	Over three and a half decades after his death, Kanan joined the spirits of all the great Jedi that ever lived, including his friend Ahsoka Tano, in encouraging the last living Jedi, the young aspirant Rey Palpatine, to use their power to destroy the returned Emperor and her grandfather, Darth Sidious, at the concurrent battle of Exegol.
2	På grunn av all spillingen sin ble Watto etter hvert tvunget til å selge Shmi. Kondensfarmeren Cliegg Lars hadde blitt forelsket i henne, og kjøpte henne av Watto. De to giftet seg, og Shmi ble samtidig stemor for Clieggs sønn, Owen. Selv om Shmi hadde fått en god familie, lengtet hun etter sin bortkomne sønn.
3	After the fall of Black Sun and the death of Xizor, Guri set out on a personal quest to locate Thrumble and get him to purge her assassin programming so she could start a new life, though Xizor's niece, Savan, attempted to stop her and to ensure the droid's continuing service to Black Sun. Despite Savan's efforts, Guri was able to track down Thrumble on Hurd's Moon and was successfully reprogrammed. After defeating Savan, Guri teamed up with Dash Rendar, working together as a mercenary team before agreeing to serve as the template for a new range of human replica droids.
3	Content approaching. Age of Resistance - Poe Dameron 1, Star Wars Special: C-3PO 1, Star Wars: Poe Dameron, Star Wars Resistance, Join the Resistance Star Wars: On the Front Lines, Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: Allegiance, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 2, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Spark of the Resistance, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Star Wars Battlefront II, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual Resistance Reborn, Station to Station, and Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker–class.
3	The Great Heep was a large, masculine-programmed droid who operated an enormous fuel ore processing plant on the planet Biitu in the early days of the Galactic Empire. The Heep was an Abominor, a member of an extra-galactic species of advanced, self-constructing droids, which enslaved organic life on thousands of worlds before they were driven from their galaxy. The Heep was powered by an internal furnace that required a near-constant supply of fuel and further recharged himself by draining power from astromech droids. In 15 BBY, the Heep formed an alliance with Admiral Terrinald Screed of the Galactic Empire to mine fuel ore on Biitu, enslaving the native population and constructing a "moisture eater" that drained all moisture from the atmosphere to ensure optimum conditions. When the moisture eater was destroyed by the merchant Mungo Baobab and his droids, C-3PO and R2-D2, the stored water was released in a storm that extinguished the Heep's furnace and deactivated the droid.
3	While the Plaque appeared to be an ordinary artifact, it was, in fact, a sentient lifeform. Although not technically "alive" as defined by standard scientific classifications, the Plaque was inhabited by an entity that fed off the life-force and emotions of individuals within close proximity. Its goal was to destroy anyone whom it came into contact with by manipulating the perceptions of those around it, influencing them to act in paranoid and homicidal ways toward one another. Those in range of the Plaque's influence also felt a deep desire to possess the artifact, claiming that it spoke to them. They obsessed over it constantly, believing that they were the "guardian" of the artifact. The entity itself eventually went insane after spending several millennia isolated on Aaris III, a planet in the Kathol sector of the Outer Rim Territories.[1]
3	Once the Jedi were freed, the guards killed, and the weapons in the arsenal handed out, the team set out to eliminate any other Yuuzhan Vong aboard who had escaped the effects of 2-4S's coma gas, as well as to rescue Jedi Ganner Rhysode, who was being held captive elsewhere. As the team began its sweep of the ship, 2-4S was at the very back of the group and was tasked with covering the Wookiee Jedi Lowbacca as he inserted flechette mines into the Exquisite Death's system ducts. After one of the voxyn&#8212;which had survived the initial encounter with the YVH war droids&#8212;detonated one of the mines in the ducts, 2-4S was sent back to look out for Jaina, who was with another part of the team. Jaina and 2-4S kept the wounded beast in the ducts and eventually killed it, though another voxyn had managed to survive and engaged part of the strike team before being driven into the ducts. In the end, the team seized the Exquisite Death completely, killing Yaght and rescuing Rhysode, without any casualties in the process.[1]
3	The Battle of Rhen Var began around 3653 BBY, almost three decades after the Sith Empire's return to the galaxy and the initiation of the Great Galactic War.[2] The war, waged between the resurgent Empire and the Galactic Republic, swept across star systems and saw numerous defeats for the ancient democracy as it attempted to slow the Sith advance.[5] After significant military losses on battlefields including Korriban,[6] the Minos Cluster,[7] and Begeren,[8] the Republic appeared to be heading toward total annihilation.[5] However, after an improbable victory in the second battle at Bothawui, the defenders of the Republic and Jedi Order rallied to achieve a string of victories that halted the Imperial Military advance.[9]
1	Da truslen fra voxyn blev klar for Wild Knights efter Mester Eelysa's død, blev Tesar en del af strike teamet på Myrkr, og var en af de få der overlevede. Desværre døde begge hans hatchmates under missionen.
2	Obi-Wan selv ble trent av Qui-Gon Jinn i hele sin periode som padawan. I en alder av cirka 25 år ble Obi-Wan og hans mester tilkalt for å forhandle med Handelsføderasjonen, angående blokaden av Naboo, noe som skulle bli skjebnesvangert.
1	Iella blev en del af den Corellianske Sikkerhedsstyrke i 1 BBY.[1]  Senere samarbejdede hun med Corran Horn i to år,[1] og fungerede som en mentor for den stædige unge officer, og arbejdede også sammen med veteran efterforskeren Gil Bastra. Wessiri og Horn forhindrede flere kidnapnings forsøg, bla. på Siolle Tinta og Wynssa Starflare (selvom de først flere år senere lærte Starflare's sande identitet).
2	Malachor V var en planet i den ytre ringen lokalisert i Malachor systemet. Det opprinnelige terrenget og klimaet var ukjent som følge av Slaget om Malachor V og ble til et ødelagt og forvitret ødeland dekket av knivskarpe klipper og plaget av konstante lynstormer. Den var bebodd av monstrøse stormbeist. Planetens gravitasjon var ustabil, noe som gjorde det farlig for stjerneskip å holde seg der for lenge.
1	På grund af Luke's råd med at beskytte børnene mod Kraftens mørke side, sendte Han og Leia tvillingerne afsted til New Alderaan hvor de blev beskyttet af Leia's ven og hjælper Winter. I det første år af deres liv så Jacen og Jaina kun deres forældre to gange. Men deres sikerhed på New Alderaan varede ikke længe. Den genfødte Kejser Palpatine opdagede planeten og sendte en angrebsstyrke afsted. Under det Andet Slag om New Alderaan blev Jacen og Jaina næsten kidnapper af de mørke jedier Xecr Nist og Kvag Gthull, med de blev reddet af Rayf Ysanna.[2]
3	The droid spirited the pair away while stormtroopers arrived at their house and encountered their mother. Once they had escaped, the siblings made their way to Level 3108 to meet with an old family friend and their mother, but the friend refused to help them and their mother never arrived. The pair was redirected by the friend to Level 2142 to meet a smuggler who would transport them offworld. However, Santigo refused to leave without their mother until an encounter with the Coruscant underworld police allowed Anandra to persuade him otherwise.[1]
3	Chewbacca, known affectionately to his friends as Chewie, was a Wookiee warrior, smuggler, and resistance fighter who fought in the Clone Wars, the Galactic Civil War, and the conflict between the First Order and the Resistance. He hailed from the planet Kashyyyk and became a Wookiee military leader. During the Clone Wars, he was captured by Trandoshan slavers and held captive on Wasskah, but he worked with a fellow captive, Jedi Commander Ahsoka Tano, to escape. He later commanded Wookiee forces during the Battle of Kashyyyk alongside the Grand Army of the Republic, led by Jedi Master Yoda. During the battle, one of the last ones of the war, Yoda's clone troopers received Order 66 from Supreme Chancellor Palpatine and, with the help of Chewbacca, Yoda escaped Kashyyyk and the destruction of the Jedi Order.
3	When the Resistance agents arrived on Kijimi in 35 ABY to find the path to Exegol, Bliss confronted Dameron, alongside a group of goons, still furious at the pilot over his abandonment of their cause, but Rey knocked out her goons, Bliss was impressed by her skill, and was convinced to help them. Bliss then led them to Babu Frik, the legendary droidsmith, as the Resistance needed to unlock forbidden translations in the systems of C-3PO, in order to translate a dagger that would lead to a Wayfinder to the hidden world Exegol. Bliss and Dameron left the room while Frik was working, and spied on First Order operations from the roof of the workshop, talking about how the occupation changed things. During the conversation, Bliss reassured and motivated Dameron to continue the fight against the First Order, and removed part of her helmet.
2	Han trodde det var umulig at Grev Dooku, en tidligere Jedi, kunne stå bak de mange angrepene i galaksen. Han mente at aggresjon ikke var i hans personlighet.
3	A terrestrial planet, Kijimi had mountainous terrain. The planet had a frigid climate, with thick drifts of snow covering its mountains. The atmosphere of Kijimi was breathable to a number of inhabitants, including humans,[2] Boosodians, and Anzellans.[1]
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
3	If you are considering joining the project, take a look at our mission. If you would like to join, please add your name with three tildes (~~~) at the bottom of the page under the "Participants" section.
1	Kaminoan videnskabsfolk havde en kæmpe Military Complex inden i Tipoca City, hvor tusindevis af kloner blev avlet i Kamino cloning chambers og trænet. Kaminoans brugte vækstaccelerationsteknikker for at fordoble klonernes udvikling. Dette gjorde dem kampklare inden et årti. Disse kloner havde genetisk ens strukturer som var ændret for at passe deres herskere ønsker, dog var de selvstændige, men de var enormt loyale overfor deres overordnede. Kaminoans lærte også Polis Massans hemmelighederne omkring deres kloningsteknikker, hvilket hjalp med udviklingen af en avanceret medicinsk og genetisk research station på Polis Massa. Selvom klonernes præcise ældningsalder er ukendt, ser det ud til at de deres går dobbelt så hurtigt. Der spekuleres over om dette forøges på grund af kloningen, hvilket ville give dem en del kortere liv. Det var hovedgrunden til at Emperor Palpatine udvalgt sine stormtroopers både blandt kloner og blandt rekrutter som havde længere levetid.
3	The Pulas was a black, fist-sized crystal that radiated dark side energy. Over the years, the Pulas was wielded by various members of the Sith Order, until it disappeared around the time of the Ruusan campaign. The crystal subsequently lay abandoned inside a Sith fortress on the planet Almas for centuries. Around 31 BBY, the Pulas was rediscovered by a group of Jedi researchers who were exploring the citadel, and the artifact was taken to the Almas Academy, a Jedi academy that was located on the world. However, the facility's headmaster, Lanius Qel-Bertuk, feared that the Jedi could not keep the Pulas safe from the clutches of a group of Sith cultists who were active on Almas, and he arranged for the crystal to be transported to the Jedi Temple on the planet Coruscant for safekeeping. Though the cultists attempted to steal the Pulas while it was en route to Coruscant, the artifact was successfully relocated to the Jedi Temple.
3	In the subsequent thirty years, Artoo would accompany Luke Skywalker until the destruction of his attempted resurrection of the Jedi Order. Following Luke's disappearance, Artoo set himself into a self-imposed low power mode as newer droid models started to out-compute the aging astromech. Despite this, his celebrated role in the Rebellion protected him from the usual recycling procedure of many old droids, allowing him a peaceful semi-retirement in the Resistance as he pored over several decades of uninterrupted data, causing him to 'dream' of many of his greatest adventures.
2	Jabba var en motbydelig hutt, med et utseende verre enn hans avskyelige kriminelle aktiviteter... Jabba var en stor hutt, med et larvelignende utseende. Rundt kroppen hadde han slim, (som gjorde han vanskeligere å fange), og øynene i det fordreide ansiktet var røde. Jabba levde i Tatooines ørken, i det store sandslottet sitt. Rundt seg hadde han late undersåtter, sikkerheten sørget innleide sikkerhetsvakter og trofaste tilhengere for.
3	Han Solo, known only as Han until being given the surname Solo by chief recruitment officer Drawd Munbrin, and also known as Cadet 124-329 when serving as an Imperial cadet, was a human male smuggler who became a leader in the Alliance to Restore the Republic and an instrumental figure in the defeat of the Galactic Empire during the Galactic Civil War. He hailed from Corellia and became a smuggler in the employ of Jabba the Hutt, even completing the Kessel Run in just twelve parsecs with his prized ship, the Millennium Falcon. He was the son-in-law of fallen Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker and Senator Padmé Amidala, husband of Princess Leia Organa, brother-in-law of Jedi Master Luke Skywalker, father of Ben Solo, rivals and close friends with fellow smuggler Lando Calrissian, and best friends with the Wookiee Chewbacca, his trusted copilot who swore a life debt to the Corellian smuggler. Solo ran afoul of Jabba after ditching a shipment of spice to avoid trouble with the Empire, owing the Hutt a great deal of money as a result. His fortune seemed to have changed when he agreed to charter Luke Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and the droids R2-D2 and C-3PO to Alderaan, but he became caught up in the rebellion against the Empire and, after helping Leia Organa escape from the Death Star, briefly fought in the Battle of Yavin, which allowed Skywalker to destroy the superweapon. Solo fought with the Rebellion for a number of years afterward, taking part in numerous operations and battles against the Empire.
3	In 3671 BBY, ten years after their initial seizure of the Rimma Trade Route, the Empire returned to the Seswenna sector and seized the region, sealing their dominion over much of the Outer Rim.[1] The blockade of major hyperspace lanes became the most effective tactic in the war,[7] particularly when the Mandalorian warrior clans entered the conflict on behalf of the Empire. In 3661 BBY, the Mandalorians seized the Hydian Way; with the Mandalorian's blockade of the Hydian[8] and the Sith's control of the Rimma Trade Route in the Seswenna sector,[1] the Empire had control of two of the galaxy's most vital supply lines.[8] The Kel Dor Jedi Knight Gnost-Dural kept a journal during the Great Galactic War that included references to the Rimma blockade, as well as his own feelings of relief after it was originally broken in 3,680 BBY; as a Republic defender in the Minos Cluster, Gnost-Dural and his comrades relied upon reinforcements and supplies that were shipped along the hyperroute.[5] After the conclusion of the war with the signing of the Treaty of Coruscant in 3653 BBY,[9] Gnost-Dural's journal,[5] as well as a scholarly holodocumentary produced by the Kel Dor on the early days of the war and the Rimma Trade Route blockade, were submitted to the Jedi Archives on Tython for record-keeping purposes.[1]
1	Interdictor cruisers, lignede som deres søskendeskibe af Vindicator-klassen, en lille Star Destroyer. Men deres stil blev brudt af fire store kugler der virkede som gravity well projekors, hvilket efterlignede en stor masse i rummet og begrænsede muligheden for at skifte til hyperspace. Nærliggende skibe blev derfor automatisk stoppet for at skifte til deres hyperdrive, og skibe der rejste forbi området via hyperspace blev tvunget til almindelig hastighed.
3	We should work on creating, editing, and overall fixing up any articles related to Star Wars video games. It is also expected of us to bring all related articles to Featured status, Good status, and Comprehensive status and to preserve articles that have already reached status.
1	På grund af Barabelernes familietraditioner delte Tesar en far med enten Bela Hara eller Krasov Hara. Det var umuligt at vide hvilken Tesar kunne kalde sin søster. Ikke destomindre var de alle tre hatchmates og havde et søskende-lignende bånd.
3	With support from the Hidden Beks swoop gang, Revan found and freed Shan. Impressed, the Mandalorian mercenary Canderous Ordo offered Revan an opportunity to leave the planet by stealing Exchange boss Davik Kang's flagship, the Ebon Hawk. Accepting the offer, Revan raided the main Sith base to acquire codes to bypass the blockade; Ordo then brought him to Kang's estate to steal the ship. Malak, meanwhile, grew weary of the protracted search. Seeking to eliminate Shan, he ordered Admiral Saul Karath to thoroughly bombard the surface. As the Sith fleet in orbit repositioned itself, Ordo and Revan succeeded in accessing the Hawk. However, they were confronted by Kang and the bounty hunter Calo Nord. After a brief firefight as the bombardment began, Kang was killed and Nord incapacitated; with the way clear, the party boarded the freighter, picking up Onasi, Shan, Mission Vao, Zaalbar, and T3-M4, and blasted off for space. The Ebon Hawk eluded a vanguard of attacking Sith fighters before fleeing into hyperspace, en route to the Jedi Enclave on Dantooine. Despite their escape, the bombardment continued until the entire world was virtually scoured of life, killing billions of beings. However, Taris's ecosystem eventually recovered over the next three centuries, leading the Republic to resettle the planet.
2	Ti år, og mange oppdrag og eventyr etter disse hendelsene, skulle det på ny skje ting i galaksen. De såkalte separatistene, med grev Dooku i front, hadde samlet en opprørsstyrke bestående av flere tusen solsystemer og mektige organisasjoner, og dette truet Republikken med å bli splittet i to. Separatistene hadde en enorm hær, mye større en Republikkens, som dermed var virkelig ute og kjøre.
1	Mange jawa'er var omkring 1 meter høje, selvom nogle få voksede til 1½ meter. Jawa's var karektiserede af deres brune kutter, glødende gule øjne, og hurtige sprog, som hed Jawaese der inkluderede ord som "Utinni!". Jawa'ers ansigter blev skjult af deres kutter, for at spare på vædske. Nogle mente at det var en sky af insekter, og ikke deres ansigter, der var skjult under kutten. Deres specielle lugt, var et resultat af deres manglende hygiegne, og en mystisk løsning hvor Jawa'erne dyppede deres tøj, for at beholde vædske. En Jawa kunne bruge den lugt til at finde ud af ting om den anden jawa, så som hvilken klan man stammede fra, slægt, følelsesmæssige situation, helbred, og selv hvilket måltid de sidste havde indtaget.
1	Da hun var på Hapes fandt Jaina ud af hvordan Yuuzhan Vongerne sporede deres skibe, og hvordan den teknik kunne udnyttes. Ved at bruge en repulsor mekanisme lavet af Lowbacca, kunne hun udsende utallige lokkeduer, både for at teste sin teori og for at narre Vongerne. Jaina brugte Ksstar som sit personlige skib, og omdøbde det til Trickster.
1	Immobilizer 418 cruiser, også kendt som Interdictor-class heavy cruiser, Interdictor-class Star Destroyer, eller Interdictor-class medium frigat, var en 600-meter-lang krydser bygget på et standard Vindicator-class heavy cruiser skrog.
2	Selv om Zetts største styrke lå i å se fremtiden, kunne ikke mesteren hans bruke mye tid til og utvikle den egenskapen ettersom Klonekrigen brøt ut, og det ble lagt mer vekt på kamptrening i stedet for mer passive egenskaper. Unill ble snart drept i den stadig økende konflikten og Zett måtte være igjen i Jeditemplet sammen med de andre padawanene som ikke hadde noen læremester. Han fortsatte stuidene sine under Cin Darlligs lære.
3	First the droids, R2-D2 and C-3PO, arrive with a holographic message from Skywalker asking Jabba to release Solo. In exchange the two droids are presented as gifts to the crime lord; Luke promises that both are hardworking and that they will serve him well, which Jabba agrees to silently. However, when the message finishes he states that there will be no bargain and that he won't give up his "favorite decoration." The two droids are then sent to their quarters, where EV-9D9 harshly barks at the two when they explain what they can do. Threepio is ordered to be Jabba's interpreter, while Artoo is tasked with working on the Khetanna.
2	10 år etter at han ble kansler sto han ovenfor en populær Separatist-bevegelse med Grev Dooku i spissen. Han ville løse krisen med forhandlinger, men dette skulle vise seg å bli vanskelig.
1	General Dodonna styrede evakueringen af Yavin basen. Men før hele basens personale kunne blive evakueret, ankom en flåde af Imperiets skibe, der inkuderede nogle Immobilizer 418 cruisere til Yavin systemet. Istedet for at angribe lavede Imperiets skibe en blokade der forhindrede oprørerne i at flygte.
3	Wookieepedia is in no way affiliated with or endorsed by Lucasfilm Limited or any of its subsidiaries, employees, or associates. Wookieepedia offers no suggestion that the work presented on this web page is "official" or produced or sanctioned by the owner or any licensees of the aforementioned trademarks. Wookieepedia will take all steps necessary to ensure that any usage of trademarked items in no way confuses the audience of this site as to its origin. Wookieepedia makes no claim to own Star Wars or any of the copyrights or trademarks related to it. Images that are displayed on this site are copyrighted to Lucasfilm Limited or another partner of Lucas Licensing, or to the creator of the image. Visitors may download any pictures displayed on this site for personal use, as long as they are not used for profit, and proper credit is given.
1	Serien følger en gruppe rebeller, som bor på stjerneskibet Ghost, imens de kæmper imod the onde Galaktiske Imperium. Rebellerne inkluderer Ezra Bridger, en ung forældreløs dreng fra Lothal som kan benytte Kraften; Kanan Jarrus, en Jedi som overlevede Order 66; Hera Syndulla, en Twi'lek pilot; Sabine Wren, en Mandalorian sprængstofsexpert; Garazeb "Zeb" Orrelios, en Lasat kriger; og den vrissende astromech droide C1-10P, også kendt som "Chopper". Dette mandskab resulterer senere i oplægningen af Rebel Alliancen.
3	Later in the war, Tiplee was part of the Jedi team investigating the aftermath of a battle between the forces of Darth Maul, leader of the criminal army known as the Shadow Collective, and the Confederacy of Independent Systems on Ord Mantell. Along with Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi, Tiplee led an assault on Vizsla Keep 09, a Mandalorian supply outpost, where Maul was hiding. During the fight, Tiplee was killed by Count Dooku, leader of the Separatists, who had formed an alliance with Maul.
3	Jyn Erso was a human female soldier and former criminal who became a pivotal member of the Alliance to Restore the Republic when she led Rogue One in stealing the Death Star plans during the Battle of Scarif. She was the daughter of Lyra Erso, a devout member of the Church of the Force, and scientist Galen Erso, who was forced into helping the Galactic Empire build the Death Star. Erso's mother was killed when Director Orson Krennic, the commander of the Death Star project, kidnapped her father&#8212;who affectionately referred to his daughter as "Stardust." She was raised by resistance fighter Saw Gerrera and became a child soldier in his army.
1	Både Obi-Wan Kenobi og Yoda vidste at børnene var i fare for at blive udsat for Kejserens vrede hvis han fandt ud af at Padmés og Anakins barn havde overlevet og besluttede derfor at det var det bedste at de blev skilt ad. Luke blev derfor sendt til deres fars halvbror Owen Lars og hans kone Beru på Tatooine og Leia blev adopteret af vicekongen Bail Organa og hans kone dronning Breha Organa af Alderaan.[2]
3	Prior to 0 BBY, Andor joined the Alliance to Restore the Republic after being recruited by General Davits Draven.[1] Holding the rank of captain, Andor served as an officer in the Alliance's Intelligence branch.[3]
2	Rundt 1002 BBY, hi Brotherhood of Darkness opererte en Sith Akademi in verden Som trente Sith hjelperne og lærlinger. The Sith også ANSATT Zabrak leiesoldater fra planetens Høye Råd. [6]
3	Content approaching. Master &amp; Apprentice, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, Thrawn: Alliances, Thrawn: Treason, Doctor Aphra 27, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker–class.
3	C-3PO was rebuilt from spare parts by Anakin Skywalker, a human slave who lived in Mos Espa, a city on the Outer Rim world of Tatooine. Shortly after the Clone Wars, C-3PO's memory was erased, though R2-D2's memory was not. C-3PO and R2-D2 were assigned to the Alderaan cruiser Tantive IV, where they served senator Bail Organa for nineteen years. At some point during this time, 3PO's right leg was fitted with mismatched plating.
1	Raymond Park (født 23. august,1974 i Glasgow i Skotland) er en britisk skuespiller, stuntman og kampsportsudøver. Han er bedst kendt for sin rolle som den fysike del af Darth Maul i fra Star Wars Episode I: Den usynlige fjende.
3	The son of his mother and father,[5] Grievous was a Kaleesh warlord[6] and feared warrior from the planet Kalee.[7] Grievous learned battle tactics and warfare during Kalee's war against the Yam'rii of Huk. Grievous also developed a personal vendetta against the Galactic Republic during the war, as the government supported the Yam'rii.[8] At some point in his life, Grievous became a cyborg following a serious accident that destroyed most of his body and almost killed him,[9] but afterwards he chose to receive extreme cybernetic upgrades[10] to increase his skills in combat[7] and to become even more threatening.[10] While his changes made him more cybernetic than living Kaleesh flesh, Grievous claimed his cyborg implants[7] were improvements.[11] According to one legend, Grievous's transformation had been over time, initially only making simple enhancements before moving onto more extreme changes. The legend said Grievous transformed himself because he admired the logic of droids and wanted to mirror their infallibility, strength and power.[12]
3	CT: Forum:CT Archive/Removing the under 3000 word GA rule &#8211; Main vote: Approve proposal; Side vote: Existing 1000+ word GAs will be grandfathered in. Toprawa and Ralltiir (talk) 02:21, February 19, 2013 (UTC)
1	Yoda er portrætteret som en stærk Jedi Master i Star Wars-universet. Serie skaberen George Lucas oprindeligt ønskede Yoda til at følge hans andre figurer i at have et fuldt navn-Minch Yoda-men i stedet valgte at få mange detaljer i figurens livshistorie fortsat ukendt. Yoda er løb og hjem verden er ikke blevet nævnt i alle medier, kanoniske eller anden måde, og han er blot siges at være en "art ukendt" af Star Wars Databank . Yoda tale syntaks er blevet analyseret og diskuteret af akademiske syntacticians , der fandt det lidt inkonsekvent, men kunne ekstrapolere, at "Yodic" har objekt-emne-verbum ordstilling.
3	The day after Reffe's death, stormtroopers began arresting people in the streets of Level 3204, which no longer had HoloNet services making spreading news more difficult. Anandra and her family remained in their apartment, where Anandra stopped Santigo from watching the arrests from the windows while her mother cried. The troopers came door to door the following day explaining that Alderaanians were being taken in for questioning as rebels had been recruiting in the area. Anandra heard rumors from people, including her next door neighbor, that second-generation immigrants were being relocated instead of arrested. The Milons then did not leave their apartment for the rest of the day, and their mother locked herself in her bedroom. Before the stormtroopers arrived at their home, Santigo and Anandra hid in the fluid bucket of a cleaning droid that Anandra suspected had been reprogrammed by their neighbor to visit the Milon house on a day not following its normal schedule.[1]
3	This gang war was a swoop gang conflict waged throughout the Lower City of the Outer Rim world of Taris, between the Hidden Beks, led by Gadon Thek, and the Black Vulkars, led by former Bek Brejik. When Thek lost his sight in a swoop bike accident, many gang members assumed that the elder leader would step aside and appoint Brejik in his place. The war was sparked when Thek refused to do so; incensed, Brejik left the gang and took over the rival Vulkars. He began a protracted campaign of street fighting designed to whittle away at the Bek ranks, and initiated several attempts to kill Thek himself.
3	Proto One, also known as Proto Number 1, was a rickety Proto Droid who rebuilt himself using assorted replacement parts after he was discarded by his original organic masters. Although he resembled an odd mixture of different droid types and walked with the assistance of a cane, he was proud that he was his own Maker and considered himself one of a kind. In 15 BBY, Proto One was more than a century old, and he worked as the proprietor of a scrapyard on the planet Boonta.
3	Engaging in several small raids to test the strength of the Krath, Mandalore eventually caught the attention of Qel-Droma by destroying an important carbonite smelting station in the Empress Teta system. Wanting to crush the threat that the Mandalorians presented as soon as possible, Qel-Droma agreed to a challenge of single combat on the planet Kuar extended by Mandalore. The duel, as explained by Mandalore, would be fought between Qel-Droma and himself, and the victor would receive full command over their foes' forces, as well as the seven worlds of Empress Teta. Qel-Droma managed to best Mandalore during the course of the fight, but refused to kill his defeated enemy. Having experienced the fighting ability of Mandalore firsthand, Qel-Droma believed that Mandalore was of more use to him alive. Seeing that his reputation had been preserved, Mandalore pledged his life, honor, and troops to Qel-Droma's cause.
2	Etter det første slaget om Kamino ble ARC Kommadoene en del av Republikkens Storhær. De ble møtt av en ny verden utenfor treningsentrene på Kamino, og fordi de hadde mye friere vilje enn vanlige Klonekrigere tok mange seg egne navn eller forhold utenfor hæren. Avansert Recon Commando ble delt inn i lag, under ledelse av kapteiner. Disse lagene, eller squader, tok på seg solo-oppdrag. Det kunne være alt fra sabotasje til snikskytting. Ellers lærte ARC opp vanlige klonesoldater.
1	Under Mandaloriekrigene, blev forgængere for Star Destroyer produceret, Leviathan og Ravager er eksempler på denne. Senere under Jedi Borgerkrigen brugte Republikken mindre skibe som Endar Spire og Harbinger.
3	The Sith fleet promptly began to bombard the planet, sending Cinnagar civilians into a panic. Numerous dropships, containing Sith Massassi warriors and war behemoths, launched toward the planet's surface. The Koros military utilized anti-aircraft guns as countermeasures against the incoming ships. These shots were often wild during the onslaught, and some nearly hit residential homes and businesses. Meanwhile, Gav Daragon, despite the objections of his subordinates, took a contingent of Massassi guards with him when he decided to go to the surface of Koros Major in a dropship. Gav told them that he intended to try a shut down of the city's defenses to facilitate a near-bloodless victory. He had an ulterior motive, however; he wanted to know what had become of his sister, Jori. He landed near the repair dock of a Hutt named Aarrba, an old acquaintance of the Daragon family. When Gav asked Aarrba for his sister's location, however, the Hutt merely spat in his face. Interpreting this as an attack, Gav's Massassi guards stabbed the Hutt in his abdomen. Mortally wounded, the Hutt rolled off his hoversled and crushed the Massassi guards to death.[1]
1	Mara Jade Skywalker var på forskellige tidspunkter en Kejserens Hånd, en smugler og en Jedi mester i Den nye Jedi Orden. Oprindeligt, som Kejserens Hånd, blev hun trænet som agent og snigmorder for Kejser Palpatine og da Jade også havde en stærk forbindelse til Kraften blev hun en af Imperiets farligste agenter. Da Palpatine blev dræbt under Slaget om Endor modtog Jade telepatisk sin sidste ordre fra Kejseren: "Du skal dræbe Luke Skywalker!" Med sin mesters død forlod hun dog Imperiet, selvom Palpatines sidste kommando forfulgte hende mentalt i flere år. Eventuelt fik hun arbejde hos den indflydelsesrige smugler Talon Karrde.
3	George Lucas first had the idea for a Clone Wars animated series in 2002.[50] Star Wars: Clone Wars aired on Cartoon Network from 2003 to 2005, produced by Genndy Tartakovsky. Star Wars: The Clone Wars was then announced at April 2005's Celebration III, which Lucas refered to as "a 3-D continuation of the pilot series."[51] Dave Filoni was hired as supervising director, and was familiar with previous Star Wars animation projects.[52][53] Filoni's initial idea for the series revolved around a recurring cast of characters who traveled aboard a spaceship similar to the Millennium Falcon; the ship's crew would have included a smuggler, his girlfriend, a gungan named "Lunker," a Jedi padawan named "Ashla" and her Jedi Master. This early concept for The Clone Wars was designed not to interfere with existing continuity, and as such would have included only occasional appearances from film characters such as Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker. However, once Lucas became involved, he decided that the show would focus on the film characters, but would also include some of Filoni's ideas, such as Ashla (whose name was ultimately changed to Ahsoka).[54]
3	Slasfilm.com reported November 12, 2018 that a more specific timeline was revealed in episode 1.6 of “Resistance Rewind,” the behind-the-scenes series from the official Star Wars YouTube channel. In that episode, executive producer Justin Ridge let slip that Star Wars Resistance takes place six months before the events of The Force Awakens, revealing: "Because this series takes place six months before The Force Awakens we have a lot of connective tissue to what we see in the movie. So eventually our events in the show will parallel what happens in the movie."
3	Beckett and his gang went to Hovun IV on a mission for Crimson Dawn. There, Beckett, posing as a death priest, pretended to Force choke Rio Durant in order to scare several sabacc players away from Durant's game. After the players left, Beckett congratulated Durant on pulling off the trick. Beckett asked Val if she placed the tracker on Dvorad, and she said she did. Beckett and his gang went to the dock to find Dvorad in order to steal identichips. Beckett was able to jump onto Dvorad's speeder, punched him, and made it to Dvorad's ship.[4]
1	Elsewhere, the search for Artoo continues.  The elite squad of clone troopers searches a snow planet led by Commander Cody and Captain Rex.  Cody and Rex follow the direction given by a droid finder, only to discover an army of Separatist battle droids.  Cody and Rex slide across the ice and whack the top of the droid finder into the army.  The top of the finder collides into droids and disables an AT-AT until the whole army is neutralized.  Cody and Rex then build an attack shuttle over the wreckage.
3	Sloane revealed that her orders had come directly from Admiral Firmus Piett, commander of the Imperial fleet, and beyond that most likely from the Emperor himself. The loyalty officer tried to parse Sloane's comments for disloyalty to the Empire but was satisfied after she stated that Palpatine's plans were not to be questioned. After Ottkreg asked how Sloane had identified three distant rebel CR90 corvettes that she had ordered Sapphire Squadron&#8212;part of her ship's contingent of TIE fighters&#8212;to intercept, the admiral brought up the bridge's holotank so that Ottkreg could view a holographic display of the battle to better understand it and also to keep him occupied and less of a distraction to her.[1]
3	This Featured article has been deemed sufficiently below FA standards by the Inquisitorius and will have its status removed if not up to standards by the next Inquisitorius meeting.
3	Due to the nature of the game itself, there is little certainty as to the canonical conclusion to many stories presented within this timeframe. As such, there is plenty of room for speculation. Please note that such speculation has no place on Wookieepedia, and a major goal of this project is to avoid conjecture and assumption and eliminate it where we can.
2	De påkjenningene klonene opplevde ved sin raske vekst, gjorde at enkelte kunne bli drevet fra forstanden. For å motvirke slike ting, hadde kaminoanerne et gjennomdisiplinert og strengt balansert utviklingsprogram. I en alder av 10 fysiske år, var klonene klare for kamp.
3	Despite initially claiming that the Star Wars story ended with the redemption of Anakin Skywalker in Return of the Jedi, and after spending years refuting speculation that there would be another film, Star Wars creator George Lucas began work on Episode VII in 2011 in order to increase the value of Lucasfilm before he sold it to The Walt Disney Company, although Disney would later elect to not use Lucas' story. The acquisition was finalized on October 30, 2012, and Disney and Lucasfilm officially announced Episode VII and the sequel trilogy the same day. Lucasfilm later announced that the film would be an original story not beholden to the continuity of the Star Wars Expanded Universe, which was rebranded as the non-canon Star Wars Legends.
3	Shortly before the heist was to begin, the Lawbringer,[2] an Imperial-class Star Destroyer,[4] made its way towards Capital City. Seeing it fly over his his home,[1] the abandoned LothalNet comm tower E-272,[4] Ezra Bridger followed the vessel's route aboard a speeder.[1] Bridger, a 14-year-old[4] orphan and con artist, also made his way into Capital City, where he encountered a local Gotal merchant, Yoffar, being harassed by two Imperial officers, Commandant Cumberlayne Aresko and Taskmaster Myles Grint. After Yoffar criticized the Imperial presence on Lothal, the officers intended to arrest him for treason. Bridger swiped a communicator from Aresko and tricked the officers into believing that there was an emergency in the town square, causing the officers to leave and reverse their previous decision to arrest the merchant for treason.[1]
3	Kas'im homed in on the beacon from Darth Bane's stolen starship, Valcyn, and landed his starfighter nearby. He also sensed Bane's presence, which he followed to the Temple of the Ancients, battling and killing a rancor in the process. Kas'im found Darth Bane in the Temple's innermost chamber when he arrived, startling the man and causing him to activate his lightsaber. The two of them entered into a debate over the Brotherhood's ability to actually destroy the Jedi, and the Twi'lek ignited his double-bladed lightsaber as he attempted to convince Bane to partake in the war effort on Ruusan. Bane refused to be discouraged, and when he declined Kas'im's final offer to either rejoin the Brotherhood or die on Lehon, the Blademaster leaped in to engage Bane in lightsaber combat.[2]
2	Mens hun reiste sammen med Revan som hun ble forelsket i under krigen, ble skipet hennes angrepet over Taris og hun ble fanget av Black Vulkar gjengen. Etter å ha blitt oppsporet og reddet av Revan, ble hun med ham på oppdraget hans om og finne og ødelegge Star Forge.
3	Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens, marketed as Star Wars: The Force Awakens, is a 2015 film directed by J.J. Abrams; co-written by Abrams, Lawrence Kasdan, and Michael Arndt; and produced by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy and Bad Robot Productions. It is the first film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy. The film stars Harrison Ford, Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Anthony Daniels, and Peter Mayhew reprising their original roles. The original actors are joined by a host of new actors including Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Adam Driver, and Oscar Isaac.
3	Content approaching. Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel, Star Wars: Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 2, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, Thrawn, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, Battlefront II: Inferno Squad, Star Wars, Star Wars: Doctor Aphra, Star Wars 1 Star Wars: TIE Fighter, Alphabet Squadron, Age of Resistance - General Hux 1, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Dawn of Rebellion, Star Wars: Target Vader, The Mandalorian, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker–class.
3	Although the Republic Navy had abandoned the world, the Jedi Order chose to maintain a small but dedicated vigil over the planet, in an effort to guard its dark secrets.[11] Two Jedi&#8212;the Human Padawan Satele Shan[3] and her Zabrak Master, Kao Cen Darach[4]&#8212;participated in the protection of Korriban from a space station in orbit above the planet. The two were joined there by a number of troopers from the Republic's Republic Special Forces Division, who also assisted the Jedi as a police force for the region.[3] In the year of the Empire's return to the known galaxy, Shan, Darach, and Corporal Jace Malcom, traveled to the planet's surface to intercept a freighter that had landed without authorization. There they discovered smuggler captain Nico Okarr,[7] who was attempting to purchase artifacts of the old Sith Empire from the infamous grave robber Farel Wickes.[5] The Jedi and trooper impounded Okarr's vessel,[7] the Redshifter,[5] before he was able to flee the world and ferried him to the orbital security station[7] where they were joined by a Republic trooper who helped to take Okarr into custody. As the four of them escorted the smuggler through the space station, Shan sensed a considerable dark ripple in the Force.[3]
1	John Towner Williams (født 8. februar 1932 i New York) er en amerikansk komponist og musiker. Han er en af de mest anerkendte filmmusikkomponister og hans musik har været nomineret til 49 Oscars – en rekord, der kun er overgået af Walt Disney.
2	Da separatistene begynte å bli voldelige, blant annet ved å prøve å drepe senator Amidala, kunne ikke naive jedier tro at Dooku sto bak; det kunne jo ikke ligge i en tidligere jedis natur å bruke vold, det skulle jo hans lange trening hindre.
3	These are articles that may have their GA status removed by the AgriCorps if not brought back up to quality. Please see what you can to do help the articles maintain their current status.
2	Leia fulgte i sin adoptivfars fotspor, og ble en politiker. Hun ble det yngste medlemmet noensinne i Imperiets Senat, hvor hun representerte Alderaan. Leia brukte ofte sin diplomatiske immunitet i oppdrag for opprørsalliansen i denne perioden.
2	Sammen klarte duoen å skape en hær stor nok til å angripe Republikken, men i et slag mot Jediene ble Darth Revan forrådt av Darth Malak. Malak var grådig, og ville selv bli Sith Lorden. Dette resulterte i at Revan tilsynelatende døde, dette ble noe alle trodde. Men Jediene tok han som fange, og brukte Kraften til å slette hukommelsen hans og programmere han til å være lojal mot Republikken.
3	The human female Lieutenant Deltic served in the Imperial Navy as the planetary science specialist aboard the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Ultimatum during its mission to the Gorse system[1] in 11 BBY.[2] Commanded by Captain Rae Sloane, the ship and its crew were tasked with aiding industrialist Count Denetrius Vidian, who had been sent to the system to improve the efficiency of thorilide mining on Cynda, a moon of the planet Gorse. After demolitionist Skelly gave Vidian a report outlining the dangers of using explosives to mine on Cynda, Vidian had Deltic run projections based on Skelly's claims that too much explosive mining would destroy the moon.[1]
1	C-3PO er en protokol droid designet til at tjene mennesker, og praler med, at han er flydende i "over seks millioner former for kommunikation". Han er generelt set med hans mangeårige kollega, R2-D2. Threepio hovedfunktion er at bistå etikette , skikke , og oversættelse , så møder i forskellige kulturer køre problemfrit. Threepio og R2-D2 spillede vitale og afgørende roller i Galaxy 's historie [ redigér ]. Mens mange protokol / tolk droids varierer i farve, er C-3PO egne identificere farver primært guld med sølv fra højre knæ ned.
2	Talus er en dvergplanet i Corellia-systemet. Talus og tvillingplaneten Tralus går i bane om hverandre. I midten av denne banen ligger romstasjonen Centerpoint Stasjon, en romstasjon større enn den første Dødsstjernen. Talus var en av de fem beboelige planetene i Corellia-systemet.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
1	Scrambas var en Alderaanian der tjente som vagt for Royal House of Alderaan i tyve år. I hans sidste år gjorde han tjeneste som løjtnant ombord på Tantive IV for at forsvare Prinsesse Leia. Han døde da fartøjet blev bordet og erobret af Darth Vader over Tatooine.
3	With the Sith's destruction and the subsequent capitulation of the Empire in 5 ABY, Luke Skywalker traveled across the galaxy, searching for knowledge that would aid him in rebuilding the Jedi Order. One of his apprentices was his sister's son, Ben Solo, who inherited the Skywalker bloodline's raw strength and potential for limitless power. The loss of his nephew, who fell to the dark side like Vader before him, haunted Skywalker for the rest of his life. In addition, the destruction of his nascent Order convinced him that the time had come for the Jedi to end. He therefore sought exile on the distant world of Ahch-To, having elected to live out his remaining days as a hermit while ignoring the galaxy's pleas for help during the rise of the First Order. His solitude was interrupted in 34 ABY, shortly after the fall of the New Republic, resulting in a chain of events that led Skywalker to play one last, momentous role in the conflict between light and darkness. Although he passed away into the Force, his legend would spread throughout the galaxy, rekindling a spark of hope in the enemies of the First Order. Before his death, Skywalker declared that the Jedi Order would not die with him, having trained a final apprentice: the Jakku scavenger known as Rey.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
3	The forces of Odion then arrived and landed inside the crater with a massive siege tower known as a Death Spiral. Odion's forces engaged Daiman and the mercenaries, destroying all four transports and significantly damaging the arxeum. The mercenaries bombarded the Death Spiral with cannon fire, but were unable to destroy the tower, which deployed several speeder bikes, airspeeders, and walkers from its base. As many of the mercenaries began to retreat, unable to withstand the firepower of the Death Spiral, Holt shepherded the students off the battlefield to the cliffs of the crater. Strapping explosives to a speeder bike, Holt jammed the bike's accelerator and sent it into the Death Spiral's speeder bays, which resulted in an explosion that destroyed the tower. Holt then convinced Rusher, who had lost the majority of his forces, to allow her and the students aboard his ship, the Diligence.
3	However, all Star Wars stand-alone spin-off films were put on hold following the lower-than-expected box office returns from Solo: A Star Wars Story, the second Anthology film, in May 2018.[7] Four months later, Disney CEO Bob Iger revealed that Lucasfilm had reevaluated its release schedule in the wake of the poor reception of Solo.[11] It was later confirmed that there will be a hiatus on Star Wars following the release of Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker until 2022.[12] Despite this, former UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson was quoted in November 2018 as saying that the filmmakers of the Obi-Wan Kenobi film had proposed shooting it in Northern Ireland.[13] The Hollywood Reporter had previously voted it in a 2016 poll as the most wanted Anthology film by fans.[14]
1	Hovedhistorien i bind One har den Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi er tildelt lede et angreb på planeten Muunilinst , hjem for den intergalaktiske Banking Clan, velgørere af Konføderationen af uafhængige systemer, der ønsker at bryde væk fra den Galaktiske Republik. Hans lærling Anakin Skywalker , er personligt udpeget til at lede rummet tvinger ved Supreme Chancellor Palpatine, der er hemmeligheden bag alter ego Darth Sidious , en Sith Lord hvem der styrer begge sider af krigen. I mellemtiden separatistisk leder Count Dooku tager in the Dark Jedi Asajj Ventress som hans lærling og sender hende bort til snigmyrde Anakin. Anakin afleder hans opmærksomhed midt i kampen for at forfølge Ventress til Yavin 4, hvor han formår at besejre hende i et lyssværd duel, men kun i form af frygt og vrede, stien til den mørke side af Kraften. Omkringliggende denne storyline er forskellige kampe med fokus på andre Jedi og deres krigen bedrifter: Mace Windu står over for en hel droid hær ubevæbnet på Dantooine , Master Yoda rejser til isen verden Ilum for at gemme to truet Jedi Knights, den amfibiske Kit Fisto fører en akvatisk regiment af clone troopers på Waterworld Mon Calamari , og et team af Jedi støder den frygtede General Grievous på Hypori .
3	Unknown to the Sith forces, groups of Republic troopers returning from battles in the Outer Rim were stationed across the surface of the planet prior to the invasion. These troopers banded together and took to the forests of Alderaan's Juran Mountains during the Sith attack and proceeded to wage a guerrilla war against the enemy. As Darth Malgus led his forces in a march toward the planet's capital city, he was ambushed by the troopers of Republic Special Forces Division' Havoc Squad. Much of the squad was killed during the battle, but with the timely arrival of Jedi Knight Satele Shan to aid the men of Havoc Squad, Malgus and his Sith forces were routed. Following the skirmish outside the city, the Republic fleet returned from the diversionary feint to drive the Empire off of Alderaan. The battle was a major victory for the Republic, but had grave consequences for the future of Alderaan. Although historically a voice for peace, the Alderaanian government became a vocal proponent of harsh military actions against the Empire in the aftermath of the battle. This new stance came into conflict with the peace established by the Treaty of Coruscant in 3653 BBY, which ultimately led to a bloody planetary civil war.
3	On Wikipedia, it is common for small, trivial articles like Denuhi-Eight or Myomaran to be deleted as trivial fancruft.  Here, such articles are allowed.  Any article that discusses a canonical character, place, or item in the Star Wars galaxy has a place here.
3	Over the next two decades, Imperial sympathizers organized into the First Order. Viewing it as a threat to the New Republic, former Rebellion leader Leia Organa created the Resistance to oppose the First Order and protect the Republic. L'ampar joined the Resistance Starfighter Corps and was personally selected by Dameron to join Black Squadron. The squadron was tasked with finding Lor San Tekka, an explorer who was believed to know the location of Luke Skywalker, Organa's brother and the last Jedi.
3	The Star Wars saga, also referred to as the Skywalker saga, is the main line of Star Wars films that began in 1977 with Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope, which was originally titled Star Wars. While a larger universe of stories and characters has evolved around it, the saga films tell the story of the Skywalker family through a set of three trilogies. The original trilogy ran from 1977 to 1983, which was followed by the prequel trilogy from 1999 to 2005, and the sequel trilogy from 2015 to 2019.
3	Crimson Dawn was a criminal organization led by the former Sith Lord Maul, who employed gangster Dryden Vos during the reign of the Galactic Empire as the public face of the syndicate. Crimson Dawn was based aboard Vos' yacht First Light. During its existence, Crimson Dawn quickly cemented a reputation for being ruthless. Qi'ra publicly served as Vos' top lieutenant, but later directly worked with Maul after she killed him.
3	Star Wars Resistance is an animated television series that premiered on October 7, 2018, and concluded on January 26, 2020, having aired on Disney Channel. The series was created by Dave Filoni and executive produced by Athena Yvette Portillo, Justin Ridge, and Brandon Auman. It stars Christopher Sean, Suzie McGrath, Scott Lawrence, Myrna Velasco, Josh Brener, Donald Faison, Bobby Moynihan, and Jim Rash, with appearances from Oscar Isaac as Poe Dameron and Gwendoline Christie as Captain Phasma.
1	Men Kenobi sporede dem til planeten Geonosis og sneg sig ind på noget, der tilsyneladende var en form for base. Her opdagede han, at separatisterne, heriblandt Handelsføderationen, holdte til netop dér - alle under ledelse af Grev Dooku - der i samarbejde med Jango - igen var under ledelse af Darth Sidious. Obi-Wan blev fanget, og blev som afstraffelse dømt til døden i en enorm arena, hvor han blev genforenet med Anakin Skywalker og Padmé Amidala, der var kommet i forsøget på at redde ham. Count Dooku, Jango og Boba var specielle gæster af den geonosianske Ærkegreve Poggle the Lesser og overværede henrettelsen fra en personlig tilskuerrække.[3]
3	In 3996 BBY, a duel took place on the planet Kuar between the Sith Lord Ulic Qel-Droma and Mandalore the Indomitable, leader of the Mandalorian Crusaders. In the months following the alliance between fellow Dark Lords of the Sith Exar Kun and Qel-Droma, the Mandalorian clans attempted to begin a new crusade under their warlord's banner, believing that they would be able to gain control over the Empress Teta system while the attention of Qel-Droma and his Krath cult was focused elsewhere.
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
3	Destroyer Down, Run Rey Run, Tracker Trouble, Perilous Pursuit, Age of Resistance - Rey 1, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, Porg Problems, Life Lessons, Poe Dameron 26, Poe Dameron 27, Poe Dameron 28, Star Wars: Allegiance, Pirate's Price, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Spark of the Resistance, Resistance Reborn, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
3	Jarrus eventually met his death around the year[3] the Battle of Yavin on Lothal, during the rescue of Hera Syndulla after Governor Arihnda Pryce ordered her walker to fire on the fuel pod they were on, sacrificing himself to allow his fellow rebels to escape. Following Jarrus' death, he became a part of the Cosmic Force, manifesting as a huge loth-wolf named Dume, which appeared to Ezra several times. Later, Hera gave birth to their son, whom she named Jacen.
3	Six years after the formation of the Galactic Empire, on the shipbuilding world of Corellia, a human "scrumrat" and aspiring pilot named Han and his love interest Qi'ra long to escape the clutches of the Grindalid crime boss Lady Proxima's White Worms crime syndicate. Following a delivery job that went awry, Han flees some criminals on his M-68 landspeeder through the streets of Coronet City. He drives through a bridge and hangs his dice on the windscreen.
3	While preparing to conquer the command center, clone trooper CT-5385, nicknamed "Tup," underwent an unexpected malfunction in a secret organic chip within his head; the chip, clandestinely implanted in all clones by the Sith during the cloning process, initiated Clone Protocol 66 sooner than the Sith intended, causing Tup to face mental lapses that left him agitated and confused. While in a trance, in which the protocol's command to kill Jedi as traitors was activated, he sneaked up behind Tiplar and shot her to death. Tiplee watched as her sister was murdered, and Tiplar's death stalled the Republic momentum. The Jedi and Republic forces quickly apprehended Tup and retreated with him and Tiplar's body further back into the station.[4]
2	Bastila klarte og redde livet hans, noe som dannet et sterkt Kraftbånd mellom dem. Hun brakte ham foran Jedirådet som bestemte at minnet hans skulle omprogrammeres og at han skulle få en ny identitet som var lojal mot Republikken i det håp at hans underbevissthet med tiden ville kaste lys over de mange mysteriene om de invaderende Sithene.
2	Hvis du ikke har vært aktiv på en annen wiki før, må du sannsynligvis endre innstillingene dine for at alt skal stå på norsk. Dette gjør du ved å klikke den blå klossen øverst i høyre hjørne hvor det står "MORE" (hvis du allerede har skiftet til norsk vil det stå "mer..."). Det vil komme opp en rekke alternativer når du trykker, og klikk på "My preferences". Etter du har trykket der vil du komme inn på innstillingene dine. Klikk på pilen ved siden av der det står "Language" og velg no - Norsk (Bokmål) (Hvis du er nynorsk kan du selvfølgelig velge nynorsk. Deretter må du trykke på lagre. OBS! Fungerer kun om du er innlogget!
3	The galaxy-wide Great Sith War was a tumultuous ordeal for both the members of the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic. In the span of just a year and several months, the Brotherhood of the Sith, led by Dark Lord Exar Kun, had steadily confounded both the Jedi and the Republic with defeats in battle. Kun next sought to eliminate the Jedi leadership, and charged his newly-initiated Sith converts with the task of murdering their Masters, a plot that was intended to culminate with the death of Kun's own Master, Vodo-Siosk Baas. The new Sith then departed Kun's stronghold on the jungle-moon of Yavin IV, just as the starship of Mandalore the Indomitable touched down, with the Mandalore rushing out to speak with the Dark Lord. He explained that the premature attack on the galactic capital of Coruscant by Kun's fellow Sith Lord and Krath leader Ulic Qel-Droma, had gone awry. During the battle, Qel-Droma had been imprisoned in a wall of light-side energy by the Jedi, and taken into custody by the Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic. Determined to have the fallen Jedi tried for his war crimes against the galaxy, the only punishment proper in the Chancellor's mind for Qel-Droma was execution.[1]
3	These are articles that may have their GA status removed by the AgriCorps if not brought back up to quality. Please see what you can to do help the articles maintain their current status.
3	The Final Order, also known as the New Empire, was the proclaimed empire of the reborn Galactic Emperor Darth Sidious. Formed through the efforts of the Sith Eternal, a sect of the Sith religion that revered the dark side of the Force, the Final Order was the culmination of an agenda over a thousand years in the making. Ultimately, the Final Order's purpose was to bring the galaxy under the perpetual reign of a Sith Empire by force.
3	Yes i know this post is awful, but I'm not use to the mechanics. Helo, i was new hear yesterday, and I'm liking it so far, but i do have one subjection that may help make this wiki better. I'm use to pages everywhere with no purpose other then to as a group share your thoughts or ask a question and have large amounts of well scifi experted people jump in and answer them. Not quit shure i see these kind of pages though. If you see such places can you let me know? it will make conquering your galaxy so much easier.:) --. [[User:Lord of the STARS i may posably be the son of pirate prince, this is not confurmed. 05:25, May 3, 2014 (UTC)
3	When the Alliance stole the plans for the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, and destroyed the space station in the Battle of Yavin with the help of Luke Skywalker, the tide of the war began to turn, and the Rebel threat began to prove a severe thorn in the Empire's side. The Rebellion continued to engage in battles with the Empire in the Galactic Civil War. However, under the command of Darth Vader, the Imperial forces succeeded in defeating the Alliance on Hoth, forcing the Alliance to scatter its forces in order to survive.
3	Ezra Bridger, a Force-sensitive human male, was a Jedi Padawan, a freedom fighter, and a revolutionary leader in the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire. He was born on Empire Day in 19 BBY to Ephraim and Mira Bridger, whose public criticism of the Empire led to their imprisonment, leaving Bridger an orphan on the planet Lothal as a child. He joined the rebel crew of the Ghost in 5 BBY and was trained in the ways of the Force by Kanan Jarrus. Bridger's abilities grew quickly, and a message of hope he broadcast in the Lothal sector inspired a number of rebel cells to begin working together to fight the Empire.
2	Under Handelsføderasjonenens blokade av Naboo prøvde de å få henne til å signere en avtale, som skulle gjøre invasjonen lovlig. Da hun ikke ville dette, ble hun dømt til fangenskap i en fangeleir. Heldigvis ble hun reddet av de to jediridderne Qui-Gon Jinn og Obi-Wan Kenobi. De tok henne med til Coruscant, hvor hun skulle prøve sin sak foran Senatet.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
1	Udover gravity wells, udstyrede Sienar Immobilizers design med 20 quad laser cannons for kortdistancekampe mod andre skibe. Interdictor's skrog var næsten identisk med Vindicator-class heavy cruiser og der kunne derfor sættes ekstra våben på efter missionens behov. Fjendens skub blev absorberet af mere end et dusin (12) shield generators.
1	Men den ceremonielle henrettelse gik ikke helt som planlagt, da det lykkedes alle fangerne at flygte. Da han overværede dette, blev Nute Gunray så rasende, at han bad Jango om at gøre en ende på Amidala, men Dooku fortalte vicekongen, at han skulle være tålmodig, og at hun ville dø før eller senere. Pludselig ved at bruge Kraften til at bevæge sig roligt, fik Mace Windu sneget sig ind på den lille balkon, hvor han holdt Jango i skak ved at tænde sit lyssværd ud for dusørjægerens hals. Da adskillige battle droids ankom for at tilintetgøre Jedierne, affyrede Jango sin håndledsmonterede flammekaster på Mace, der hoppede ned fra balkonen og ned i selve arenaen, men han slap fra det lange fald uskadt, blandt andet ved at smide sin brændende kappe fra sig. Lige efter aktiverede 200 Jedier, der havde forholdt sig skjult i mængden, deres lyssværd og en enorm kamp brød ud mellem Jedierne og Separatisternes Droid Hær. Jango, der stadig var på tilskuerrækkerne skød Jedi Råds medlemmet Coleman Trebor ned fra balkonen, da denne prøvede at konfrontere Dooku. Jango bevægede sig efterfølgende, ved brug af hans praktiske jetpack, ned til selve arenaen. her håbede han på at kunne få kampsituationen til at vende til ham og hans allieredes fordel.[3]
2	Det fantes flere forskjellige standardmodeller av stormtroppenes hjelmer, ofte hadde de flere spesialkomponenter, som ble til med utvikling og forskning. Hjelmene hadde avkjølingssystem og atmosfæreprosessorer, slik at soldatene til en hver tid kunne yte sitt beste.
3	Hux's influence was diminished by Ren's accession to the rank of Supreme Leader. Though he served on the Supreme Council alongside other members of First Order High Command, Hux had little independent authority without supervision, and was made to serve below Allegiant General Enric Pryde. As a man who harbored ambitions to rule the galaxy, Hux was not content to sit in the shadow of Ren or Pryde. Therefore, he secretly turned against the First Order's interests by passing information to the Resistance, determined to see his rivals lose the war. When Pryde deduced that Hux was a spy, the Allegiant General executed his younger colleague for committing treason against the First Order.
3	Content approaching. Star Wars: Lando - Double or Nothing, Solo: A Star Wars Story, Star Wars (Marvel 2015), Star Wars: Poe Dameron Book VII: The Awakening, Allegiance 1, Flight of the Falcon, Resistance Reborn, Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 1, Ghosts of Kashyyyk, Part 3, Spark of the Resistance, Pirate's Price, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, YT-1300 Corellian Freighter Owner's Workshop Manual, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, Star Wars: Millennium Falcon: A 3-D Owner's Guide, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary–class.
3	The film was released on December 14, 2017 in the United Kingdom, Mexico, Latin America, and European countries; December 15, 2017 in North America; and January 5, 2018 in China. Some North American theaters offered special limited advance showings on the evening of December 14th rather than the traditional midnight showing. The Last Jedi received positive reviews, and it garnered four nominations at the 90th Academy Awards,  including Best Original Score and Best Visual Effects. A sequel, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, was released on December 20, 2019.
3	The group was headed by the Inexpugnable-class tactical command ship[11] Courageous, Karath's flagship. The battle group set down camps near Serroco's Stereb cities, which housed a great number of naval personnel alongside freelance tradespeople who tagged along, offering food and other services. Notably, Serroco's Camp Three featured the extremely popular Little Bivoli eatery. Unbeknownst to the Republic Navy, the Little Bivoli was run by two of the Republic's most wanted fugitives&#8212;Zayne Carrick, a former Jedi Padawan accused of murdering his whole class on Taris, and his Snivvian "accomplice" Marn Hierogryph. By setting their camps so close to the cities, the Republic was hoping that they would be better able to protect them, counting on the idea that the Mandalorians would not want to destroy potentially valuable loot in the cities. In addition to the Republic Army troopers[4] and Navy shuttles and other craft at the camps, Battle Group Serroco surrounded Serroco with a blockade of vessels, including Hammerhead-class cruisers, similarly-designed starships, Foray-class blockade runners and a number of Aurek-class strikefighters.[3] However, Carrick had a vision&#8212;the former Jedi Padawan, while on a break from his duties at the Little Bivoli, foresaw that Mandalore the Ultimate would order the cities destroyed out of disgust for the Republic's tactics. Horrified, Carrick resolved to warn Admiral Karath and attempt to avert disaster.[4]
3	During the Clone Wars, Darth Maul sought to supplant his former Master Darth Sidious, the reigning Dark Lord of the Sith, who was manipulating the war between the Republic and the Separatists for his own ends. In order to challenge both sides, Maul gathered an army of exiled Mandalorian warriors, known as the Death Watch, and criminal organizations such as the Black Sun, the Pyke Syndicate and the Hutt Clan into an enterprise known as the Shadow Collective.[9] Combining their resources, the Shadow Collective seized control of the neutral world of Mandalore, establishing a power base for Maul to defy both the Republic and the Separatists.[10]
3	Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
3	The story begins thirty years after the events of Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi. The First Order has risen from the ashes of the Galactic Empire and is opposed by General Leia Organa and the Resistance, both of which seek to find the missing Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. In the midst of this search, new heroes rise in the form of Rey, a Force-sensitive scavenger from Jakku; Finn, a stormtrooper who defected from the First Order; and Poe Dameron, the best pilot in the Resistance. They are aided by Han Solo in their search for Skywalker and their mission to destroy the First Order's new superweapon, Starkiller Base, which targets the New Republic and the Resistance for destruction. They are opposed by villains such as Kylo Ren, a dark warrior with a mysterious past; and General Armitage Hux, the commander of Starkiller Base.
3	Content approaching. Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Teach You, I Will, The Imposter Inside, The Starfighter Stunt, Unexpected Company, Thrawn: Alliances, Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 1, Ahsoka, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Ocean Rescue, A Disarming Lesson, Wolves and a Door, A World Between Worlds–class.
3	Aeos Prime, also simply known as Aeos, was an ocean planet in the Aeos system of the Outer Rim Territories, home to the aquatic Aeosian species. The Aeosians allowed the Rebel Alliance to utilize an outpost on the planet, which was attacked by the First Order during its war against the Resistance.
3	In 1000 BBY, recently promoted Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Bane abandoned the Brotherhood of Darkness in the midst of a war with the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic. Convinced that the Brotherhood was nothing more than a flawed collection of individuals whose affirmation of the Force's dark side had diluted its potency, Bane left them to embark on his own search for Sith enlightenment. His quest led him to Lehon, or the "Unknown World," the planet where the Jedi Civil War of nearly three thousand years prior had ended. Once there, he located an ancient Rakatan temple, wherein he discovered and began tedious exploration into the Sith holocron of Darth Revan.[2]
3	The film is set ten years after the Battle of Naboo, when the galaxy is on the brink of civil war. Under the leadership of renegade Jedi Master Count Dooku, thousands of systems threaten to secede from the Republic. When an assassination attempt is made on Senator Padmé Amidala, the former Queen of Naboo, Jedi apprentice Anakin Skywalker is assigned to protect her, while his mentor Obi-Wan Kenobi is assigned to investigate the assassination attempt. Soon the Jedi are drawn into the heart of the separatist movement, and the beginning of a new threat to the galaxy: the Clone Wars.
3	Republic ships such as the Sendant Pride[12] and the Deliverance[10] were damaged or destroyed during the battle and succumbed to Hoth's powerful gravity well, joining the growing number of ships strewn upon the icy surface.[5] The Vehement Sword, a prototype warship equipped with the newly developed Null Cannons&#8212;weapons that fired energy blasts to disable entire starships, similar to large-scale ion cannons&#8212;was another casualty of the conflict, breaking in half upon impact and splintering the Null Cannon prototype into dozens of pieces.[14] The Star of Coruscant itself crashed onto the planet, but the dreadnaught's armor was so strong that the ship remained completely intact, buried in the snow and ice.[13] A Valor-class cruiser, the Intercessor, escaped the battle and went on to fight in the Sacking of Coruscant and the Cold War.[11] The starfighter carrier Conraddas Vindicator was among the casualties[6] as well as a Republic transport ship that was carrying experimental stealth field generators.[15] The Mon Calamari&#8211;designed cruiser Dauntless Star shot down over sixty Imperial fighters before being destroyed,[9] while starfighter units such as Victor Squadron took down dozens of battle cruisers before they, too, were eliminated.[16]
3	The First Order, also known as the Order, was a military junta that ruled large swathes of the galaxy during the New Republic Era. Under the dictatorship of Supreme Leader Snoke and his successor, Kylo Ren, the First Order grew from a hermit state in the Unknown Regions into the dominant galactic power. Unlike the New Republic that strived to create a democratic and demilitarized galaxy, fascism and militarism were ideological features of the First Order regime.
1	Jar Jar Binks optræder første gang i Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace som en bumbling endnu elskelig Gungan fra planeten Naboo . Forvist af sin stamme igennem Boss Rugor Nass for hans klodsethed, er han næsten dræbt af en føderation transport, kun for at blive reddet i sidste øjeblik af Jedi Knight Qui-Gon Jinn ( Liam Neeson ). Qui-Gon og hans Padawan , Obi-Wan Kenobi ( Ewan McGregor ), overtale Jar Jar stamme til at løslade ham til deres varetægt som en guide. Han senere går med Jedi og Dronning Padmé Amidala ( Natalie Portman ) til planeten Tatooine , hvor han møder og bliver ven Anakin Skywalker ( Jake Lloyd ).
3	The First Order took over Hays Minor's mines[9] and forced Rose's people to mine their planet's resources to feed their war machine.[1]  Rose and Paige protected their parents and fellow citizens from the First Order and their mining pollution. Rose was able to blow up twelve OreDiggers and stop the First Order's mining operations for three days. Her parents told her that she and Paige had to find the Resistance and join them in their fight against the First Order. Rose and Paige were welcomed into the Resistance by Admirals Gial Ackbar and Amilyn Holdo. The two of them joined the Resistance's Cobalt Squadron. Rose eventually received news[9] that the First order shelled her people to test the results. Having lost everything they had to the First Order, Rose and her sister committed themselves to the Resistance to avenge their homeworld.[1] The two of them were approached by General Leia Organa, who offered them her condolences for the First Order's genocide of Hays Minor. Organa told Rose and her sister that she would let them go after First Order on their own. However, the two sisters decided to stay, knowing, they could make a bigger impact on the First Order. Rose and Paige promised themselves that they would stop the First Order from pillaging and destroying other worlds.[9]
3	WookieeProject Video Games is within the scope of WookieeProject Video Games, an attempt to build comprehensive and detailed articles with topics originating from any Star Wars video games.
2	Ombord på Dødsstjernen, hvor hun nå havnet, som Vaders fange, måtte hun gjennomgå tortur. Hun måtte også se sin hjemplanet Alderaan bli ødelagt av kampstasjonen. På tross av dette røpet hun ikke hvor opprørernes base var, eller hvor planene var. Kort tid etter dette ble hun reddet av Luke Skywalker og Han Solo. På grunn av Leias innsats ble Dødsstjernen ødelagt.
1	Krigerne, der blev rasende over dette, brød frem fra deres skjul og angreb droiderne. YVH 1 droiderne besejrede dem hurtigt. Men Yuuzhan Vong havde tilkaldt en rakamat for at give bedre dækning. Calrissian, med et hold af ingenører, begravede et læs sprængstoffer i rakamattens vej, og udløste dem da dyret var over dem. Resten af slaget var blot oprydning, da de overlevende fra domæne Kraal måtte flygte om samle sig.[1]
2	De fashioned rustning fra lava lopper å beskytte seg fra den varmere lava flyter på overflaten som skilte Mustafarian townships som Fralideja . Selv uten lava loppe rustning, Mustafarian huden var tøff nok til å motstå standardblaster bolter, så de brukte våpen som avfyrte bolter av kinetisk kraft i stedet. De var ikke en naturlig aggressiv art, men brukte våpen som beskyttelse. [2] Northern Mustafarians også domestisert lava lopper å tjene som monterer, og hadde en manndom ritual som kreves for ungdom å hoppe en lavafall på en lava loppe uten beskyttende klær.
1	Som Mace Windu forudsage næsten fem årtier før krigens begyndelse angreb Yuuzhan Vongerne krigsflåde Coruscant fra OboRin Komet Klyngen, efter at være blevet samlet ved Borleias. De brugte flygtningeskibe med fanger fra tidligere slag til at dække for Yuuzhan Vong flåden. Selv med militære ledere såsom Garm Bel Iblis (der kommanderede Flåde Gruppe To), Admiral Traest Kre'fey (der kommanderede Flåde Gruppe Et), Wedge Antilles (der kommanderede Flåde Gruppe Tre), Carlist Rieekan (der kommanderede Coruscants Planetære Forsvarsstyrke) og Luke Skywalker var Yuuzhan Vongerne for mange til at blive stoppet. Det blev sagt at Yuuzhan Vong flåden indeholdt titusindevis af skibe, og at det halve af den Nye Republiks Forsvarsflåde var til stede.
1	Rogue Squadron blev sendt ud i kampen for at holde imperiets styrker tilbage, indtil oprørerne kunne nå at evakuere basen. Men Laserkanonerne på deres Snowspeeders var ikke kraftige nok til at gøre skade på AT-AT walkerne. Luke Skywalker gav ordrer til at piloterne skulle bruge deres slæbekabler til at vælte walkerne, men inden han kunne nå at afprøve teknikken, blev hans snowspeeder skudt ned. Luke nåede at slippe væk, men hans skytte Dack Ralter blev dræbt.
3	In addition to his combat skills, Grievous was a brilliant military strategist who oversaw multiple campaigns throughout the Clone Wars&#8212;from the Battle of Kamino, where he failed to halt the production line of clone troopers; to the Battle of Dathomir, where his battle droids massacred the Nightsisters led by the witch Mother Talzin. In 19 BBY, Grievous launched a daring raid on Coruscant, the Republic capital world, resulting in the abduction of Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine. However, the Jedi succeeded in rescuing the Chancellor while driving back the Separatist invaders. Following the loss of Dooku, Grievous and his army went into hiding in the Outer Rim Territories. Unknown to Grievous, his master, the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, betrayed the general's location to the Jedi Order, allowing them to invade the planet Utapau in an effort to bring a swift and decisive conclusion to the war. As a result, Grievous was ultimately slain by his nemesis, Jedi General Obi-Wan Kenobi, whose 212th Attack Battalion went on to secure Utapau even as Order 66 went into effect, marking the fall of the Republic and the rise of the Galactic Empire.
1	Den øverste etage, var næsten helt fyldt op af den store Audiens Sal, brugt som ceremoni hal af Alliancens folk og senere brugt af Jedi Akademier som et læringsrum. Under Alliancen, var det næste etage officerernes område og basens sikkerheds-, kommunikations- og medicinske faciliteter, med det centrale rum som et kommando center; Jedierne brugte denne etage som lager. På etagen nedunder, blev det centrale rum brugt som Krigs Rum, senere omdøbt til Strategi Centeret af jedierne: der var her Alliancens ledere koordinerede fighter angrebet på Dødsstjernen i 0 ABY. De omkringliggende rum på denne etage, blev brugt som lagre, og tekniske værksteder af Alliancen. Jedierne gjorde det til møde-rum, kommunikations- og computerrum, køkkener og spise sale.
3	If you find and use a non-standard upload form that we have not yet disabled, and then fail to add all the required data to the file information page as outlined below, you can expect your upload to be quickly deleted, and you may be blocked.
3	The Fromm Tower Droid was heavily armed. Four laser cannons were located in pairs on the chassis, fore and aft of the tower assembly. The Tower Droid's primary weapon was a repulsor ball launcher located in the tower section. The obsidian repulsor balls[4] were kept on two racks to either side of the primary cognitive module and released from two sliding panels on the front of the tower. These antigravity repulsor balls were small and maneuverable,[1] with an inbuilt repulsorlift engine[4] that allowed them to greatly exceed the speed of the Tower Droid and outrun a target vehicle at speeds of over 250 kilometers per hour.[1] The spheres were operated remotely by the Tower Droid, which could control up to five at any one time, making them extremely difficult for a target to evade. Packed with powerful explosives, the repulsor balls were programmed to detonate when they closed to within one meter of their target, causing an explosion that could overcome most defensive systems.[4]
1	Serien blev planlagt af Sue Rostoni og Lucy Wilson fra Lucas Licensing, Shelly Shapiro fra Del Rey Books og James Luceno i 1998. Gruppen lavede en overordnet storyline, delte den op i de forskellige bøger, og begyndte at finde forfattere der ville skrive bøgerne. Serien blev udgivet mellem 1999-2003 og er skrevet af de følgende forfattere: R.A. Salvatore, Michael A. Stackpole, James Luceno, Kathy Tyers, Troy Denning, Greg Keyes, Elaine Cunningham, Aaron Allston, Matthew Stover, Walter Jon Williams, Shane Dix, og Sean Williams. De forskellige dele af serien er udgivet som romaner, tegneserier, blade og e-bøger. Men kernen af serien er bygget af 19 romaner, og yderligere 4 der blev aflyst.
2	Fire år senere var den første Star Wars-filmen ferdig. Den ble en enorm suksess, og slo alle kinorekorder. "A New Hope" fikk hele syv Oscars, og det ble klart at det skulle lages to nye filmer. I disse to filmene tok Lucas rollen som produsent, og selvfølgelig "skribent", den siste av de to filmene, Return of the Jedi, ble ferdig i 1983.
2	Da Naboo ble invadert av Handelsføderasjonen, fikk han sin sjanse. Dronning Amidala kom til Coruscant, for å legge sin sak fremfor Senatet. Her fikk hun ikke særlig støtte, senatorene ville bare opprette en komite som skulle granske situasjonen. Men, den krevde strakstiltak, derfor fremmet hun et mistillitsforslag mot Kansler Valorum.
2	Før han ble keiser var han senator i Republikkens Senat. Her kunne han se at Senatet var korrupt, og at mange senatorer utnyttet sin posisjon, og bare brydde seg om dem selv.
3	In the year 5 BBY,[3] a group of rebels operated on and around the Outer Rim planet Lothal, where they carried out attacks against the operations of the Galactic Empire. The rebels set their sights on gaining new allies and growing their movement beyond Lothal, so they were given the location of potential allies by Cikatro Vizago, a crime lord and the leader of the Broken Horn Syndicate on Lothal. Their ship, the Ghost, rendezvoused with the vessel of the potential allies, only to find the other ship damaged. After boarding the ship, the rebels discovered that it was a Wookiee starship; it made sense to the rebels that the Wookiees would want to join the fight against the Empire, as the Imperials had taken over their home planet of Kashyyyk. The crew explored the vessel and learned that one of the Wookiees was Wullffwarro, a soldier who fought for the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars. The rebels also found an injured Trandoshan slaver aboard, who told them that the Trandoshans sold the Wookiees as slaves to the Empire. Hera Syndulla, the owner and pilot of the Ghost, contacted Vizago to tell him what had transpired, and the crime lord said he would find out what happened.[5]
3	The Millennium Falcon, original designation YT 492727ZED, was a Corellian YT-1300f light freighter most famously used by the smugglers Han Solo and Chewbacca during the Galactic Civil War. In the time following the Battle of Endor, Imperial turncoat Ralsius Paldora noted that 2.2 out of every 300 stormtroopers were aware of the Falcon's existence.[41]
1	På Mustafar kommer Padmé og Obi-Wan, men Anakin er anderledes overfor dem og forsøger at slå dem begge ihjel da han føler sig forrådet af dem, men uden held. Efter en lyssværdsduel mod Obi-Wan mister Anakin sine ben og brænder op. Men Palpatine redder ham, og han optræder nu i sin karakteristiske sorte dragt. Padmé bliver bragt tilbage i sikkerhed, sammen med Obi-Wan, hvor hun føder hende og Anakins børn: Luke og Leia. Luke bliver adopteret af Lars-familien og Leia af Organa-familien. Enkelte Jedier overlever klonernes bedrageri, hvoraf Yoda søger eksil på Dagobah og andre starter en oprørsgruppe.
1	Fisto blev informeret om, at vicekonge Nute Gunray efter alt at dømme befandt sig på planeten Vasseks tredje måne. Ved ankomsten på den tågede måne mødte Fisto sin nu tidligere Padawan, Nahdar. Nahdar, som meget kort før missionens påbyndelse var blevet kåret til Jedi-ridder, havde bragt en gruppe af kloner med sig.
2	Trusselen av Separatistbevegelsen ville Amidala, i motsetning til mange andre, løse fredelig. Hun var en av forkjemperne for dette, og ville ikke lage en hær for republikken.
3	Principal photography began in 2018, and filming wrapped in 2019. Footage from The Rise of Skywalker was first made public on April 12, 2019 at Celebration Chicago. The film was released on December 20, 2019. It received mixed reviews from critics. The Rise of Skywalker received three nominations at the 92nd Academy Awards: Best Original Score, Best Visual Effects, and Best Sound Editing. It has grossed over $1 billion worldwide, making it the forty-sixth highest-grossing film of all time.
3	Qi'ra was sold into slavery by Proxima to the slave dealer Sarkin Enneb, who eventually sold her to Dryden Vos, the public leader of Crimson Dawn. Vos trained Qi'ra in martial arts and prompted her to kill Enneb, branding her right wrist with the Crimson Dawn symbol and making her his most trusted lieutenant.
3	The Emperor ruled the galaxy for a generation with Darth Vader as his last apprentice. His reign remained relatively unchallenged until the formation of the Alliance to Restore the Republic which, in turn, began the Galactic Civil War in 0 BBY. After the Death Star was destroyed, the Emperor sensed a disturbance in the Force and foresaw Luke Skywalker's potential to destroy him. During the construction of a new Death Star, the Emperor manipulated Skywalker into a confrontation with Vader, believing the Jedi aspirant could be turned like his father before him. However, the Emperor was confounded by Skywalker's refusal to join the Sith, causing Sidious to torture the young Jedi Knight with Force lightning. Affected by his son's compassion, Vader sacrificed his life by destroying the Emperor, and thus fulfilled his destiny as the Chosen One in 4 ABY.
2	Deres fysiologi inkludert lange snuter for suge insekter ut av elveblest, grønn-svart hud, spisse hoder vokser med sort bust, og to-toed føtter. I tillegg hadde de sensitive øynene å bli dekket når den er på andre verdener med gule eller røde soler. Kubaz hadde håndbevegelser som indikerte deres intensjoner. For eksempel, en palme ned indikert avtale. Under den galaktiske borgerkrigen delte de disse og andre signaler med militære sjefer på begge sider. Berøre nesen, hodet eller skuldrene kan tyde hensikt, retning, og antall.
3	The Confederacy of Independent Systems (CIS), also known as the Separatist Alliance, the Separatist State, and commonly referred to as the Separatists, was a partially recognized galactic government that controlled a portion of the Mid Rim and Outer Rim Territories. Formed by thousands of secessionist star systems on the grounds of excessive taxation and corruption within the Galactic Senate, the Separatists were led by the former Jedi Count Dooku, who served as the Alliance's Head of State. In addition the Separatists were secretly supported by several corporations, including the Trade Federation, headed by Viceroy Nute Gunray, the Techno Union, led by Wat Tambor, the Retail Caucus, the InterGalactic Banking Clan, based on Scipio and led by San Hill, the Commerce Guild, and the Corporate Alliance.
3	Republic troops ultimately broke through the Confederacy's stronghold on Bogoa, and in the aftermath of the engagement, Coppertop came across the stricken clone trooper Gunner and bandaged up the clone's torso. However, unbeknownst to the droid, he was sighted by Ventress and Cyreltov, and the pair observed his actions from afar. During an effort by the Republic forces to roundup their missing comrades, Clone Commander CC-2224&#8212;nicknamed "Cody"&#8212;also came across Coppertop, and he immediately assumed that the droid had hostile intentions toward Gunner, so he pointed his blaster at the droid and ordered Coppertop to put his hands up. Before Cody could destroy the droid, his superior, Jedi General Obi-Wan Kenobi, intervened and ordered Cody to hold back, because he could sense that Coppertop was different than other battle droids. When challenged by Kenobi to explain why he was helping Gunner, Coppertop introduced himself and told the Jedi that he had overcome his primary protocols. Suspicious of Coppertop's motives, Kenobi asked the droid to accompany him back to the Republic encampment.[2]
1	Der var nogle undtagelser i reglerne om en aldersgrænse for padawaner. Revan blev, efter at have mistet hukommelsen og blevet "reprogrammeret" af Dantooine Enclave Council, gentrænet som en padawan under Master Zhar Lestin, med yderligere guidning fra Bastila Shan, på grund af missionens vigtighed.
3	HG-211 was a military droid with a masculine persona who served as the head of security for a droid community that dwelled on the moon Uffel in the Cularin system during the waning years of the Galactic Republic. Circa 31 BBY, the rogue protocol droid LN-73 fell to the surface of Uffel during a debris storm and set about sabotaging droid production facilities in the city X2-4. HG-211 hired the Heroes of Cularin, a group of freelance agents, to identify the source of the vandalism, and after LN-73 learned of the military droid's investigation, it incapacitated HG-211 via a power surge from a computer terminal. However, the agents defeated LN-73, and HG-211 was repaired.
3	Secretly ruled by Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Sidious&#8212;publicly known as Galactic Emperor Palpatine&#8212;the new regime rose to power with a groundswell of populist support, promising peace and stability from the destructive Clone Wars and capitalizing on anti-Jedi and anti-droid sentiment. The subsequent Age of the Empire would last only two decades in contrast to the centuries of the Republic Era, but not before the Jedi Order was systematically purged and almost eradicated, and the galaxy largely conquered.
3	During the First Order–Resistance war, large swathes of the galaxy fell to the forces of the First Order&#8212;a military junta determined to recapture the legacy of the Galactic Empire. Due to the demilitarization efforts of the New Republic, the First Order Navy stood as the single largest military force of its time. However, it was but a fraction of the total might of the Imperial Navy. Once bolstered by an armada consisting of thousands of Sith Star Destroyers, the First Order gained the means to project the iron rule of military might across the galaxy, which would transform the hermit state into a true Empire. Though Sidious considered Supreme Leader Kylo Ren and the Jedi Rey as potential heirs to the New Empire, he ultimately assumed the reins of power as Emperor. However, his warships were destroyed by the Resistance and their allies, while Sidious himself was defeated by Rey and a redeemed Ben Solo. With the Final Order defeated on Exegol, the First Order's remaining forces faced a series of uprisings throughout the galaxy.
1	Retfærdighedsretten var den retslige del af Den Nye Republik. Medlemmerne af Retfærdighedsretten blev valgt af Senatets Retfærdighedsråd fra en liste af nominerede udarbejdet af Senatets Præsident. Førstedommeren blev valgt af de andre medlemmer af domstolen. Retfærdighedsdomstolens magt var indskrænket til deres, på forhånd definerede embedsområde: for at anmelde overtrædelser af Den Nye Republiks Borgertraktat af medlemmer eller om medlemmer af andre dele af Den Nye Republiks regering. Retfærdighedsretten var ikke det sidste sted hvor almindelig tyveri og kriminelle sager endte; de blev stadfæstet af de lokale autoriteter på medlemslandende.
1	Under Borgerkrigen, fandt Oprørsalliancens spejder Dr'uun Unnh templet, og det blev en base for Alliancen under Slaget om Yavin, efter de fik nøglen fra den sagnomspundne Yavin Vassilika. Senere lavede Luke Skywalker dit Jedi akademi i templet.
3	In order to communicate over long distances, the DR-10 was equipped with an integrated comlink. Some variants of the droid had a recording unit along with extensive sensor equipment, which included 360-degree, infrared, and telescopic vision as well as motion sensors.[2] Other models of the droid came equipped with translator units in order to interpret languages.[1] Some of the droids had black-colored photoreceptors, along with plating that was white, black silver, and copper-colored. The droid had its photoreceptors on the sides of its spherical body, and it had a black-colored protrusion on its top side.[2]
3	Norath's signal was picked up by Kazuda Xiono, a Resistance spy who lived aboard the Colossus. Though Captain Imanuel Doza was concerned it was a trap, Xiono and his mentor Jarek Yeager, a veteran New Republic starfighter pilot managed to convince Doza to give them one rotation. Xiono and Yeager departed for Varkana with the pirate Synara San and Kaz's BB-series astromech droid CB-23.[3]
3	Although the Expanded Universe has been relegated to non-canon "Legends" status, Lucasfilm considers all Expanded Universe material to be a "resource" of information that any author may freely draw upon for "new canon" stories. In the event an Expanded Universe subject appears or is mentioned in a new canon story, that subject becomes official canon once again. However, that does not necessarily mean that the subject's entire previous Expanded Universe history regains canon status. Wookieepedia contributors must take care to treat as canon only elements of a subject presented within the confines of new canon source material.
3	Tamara Ryvora was the daughter of a racer. Her father's career inspired her to become a racer herself,[7] and she left her home planet of Kuat to pursue that dream. After falling on hard times[1] while working her way up the circuit, Tam came to the Colossus station on Castilon sometime before 34 ABY. She became good friends with another racer, Hype Fazon. However, the friendship ended after Fazon earned a place in the Ace Squadron, reserved for the station's most elite pilots, and moved to Doza Tower.[8] Ryvora's racing career was derailed when, in need of credits to repair her racer, she borrowed on the ship's value prior to a race, but lost the race and, consequently, her ship.[7]
1	Lucasfilm annoncerede først Star Wars Rebels d. 20. Maj, 2013, efter at have fortalt fans at Star Wars: The Clone Wars ville slutte. Rebels er skabt af Dave Filoni, Simon Kinberg og Carrie Beck, med stjerneroller Taylor Gray, Freddie Prinze Jr., Vanessa Marshall, Tiya Sircar, Steve Blum, David Oyelowo, James Earl Jones, Ashley Eckstein, Dee Bradley Baker, Philip Anthony-Rodriguez, Sarah Michelle Gellar og Jason Isaacs. Disney XD annoncerede d. 30. November at Rebels ville få en tredje sæson.
3	In the first year of the war, the Sith's navy moved onto the Rimma super-hyperroute,[1] successfully blockading the path by stationing the bulk of its fleet in the Seswenna sector,[5] near the edge of the Mid Rim.[7] With the vital and extensive hyperspace lane under their control, the Imperials strangled Republic supply lines in a highly effective operation[6] that strained the Jedi defenders in the Minos Cluster and the forces of the Republic across the Outer Rim.[5] The repercussions that weighed heavily on the Republic's defense force were also felt on the capital world of Coruscant, where the blockade contributed to a panic in the upper echelons of galactic politics.[1] The Republic Military eventually staged a counterattack in the Seswenna sector but suffered a devastating loss that saw the capture of hundreds of Republic soldiers. Although news of the failed assault was greatly demoralizing for other Republic forces in the Outer Rim that relied on supplies from the Rimma Trade Route, the fleets of the Republic Navy were able to regroup[5] by 3680 BBY[4] and launch yet another attack in the Seswenna region. That effort proved effective, and the Sith blockade of the trade route was broken, freeing up transport for Republic supplies to the Outer Rim Territories.[5]
3	The nine released films of the Skywalker saga begin their designation with "Episode" followed by their chronological order displayed as a roman numeral. Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope was originally released simply as Star Wars, as it was not known whether it would be followed by a sequel. Beginning with its April 10, 1981 re-release, it was renamed to its current title.
2	Den sørlige Mustafarians ble sterkere og kortere av vekst enn sine nordlige fettere. De håndterte "tunge løft" jobber for deres planetens lava gruvedrift, og kan tåle høyere temperaturer enn nordlendingene. [2] Siden de brukte mer tid i nærheten av lava, hadde de pusten masker og tykk rustning for å kompensere. [2]
3	The Sith Empire's invasion of the planet Corellia was carefully planned over a number of years by the Sith Lord Darth Decimus during the Cold War between the Empire and the Galactic Republic. Agents of Imperial Intelligence identified potential turncoats in the highest levels of the planet's government and secretly recruited them, promising the politicians lifetime power in return for loyalty, and the Empire soon had almost the entirety of the planet's ruling Corellian Council in its pocket.[5] Darbin Sull, one of the youngest individuals ever elected to the council, was quick to pledge loyalty to the Empire when they promised him the position of prime minister in return[60]&#8212;something they refrained from informing the current Imperial-allied prime minister, Cal Falcone.[36] Councilor Belos agreed to aid the Empire out of a belief that their superior military might would inevitably overwhelm the Republic,[61] while Councilor Caicos used a combination of bribes, blackmail, and threats to convince the other council members to back the Empire when the Imperial admiral known as the Voidwolf called in a debt.[62] The First Son of the Sith Emperor helped convince the Council to join the Empire by revealing his identity as Syo Bakarn, a Jedi Master and member of the Jedi Council, to Secretary Nadien as an example of his power.[19]
1	I tillæg til sit skuespillerarbejde, har han også været Christopher Walkens stunt double i filmen Sleepy Hollow. Park optrådte i de scener hvor Walkens karakter, den Hovedløse Rytter, ikke har sit hoved på.
1	En af Imperiets tankere, Nuna's Twins, blev angribet af Red Squadrons X-wings ledet af Wedge Antilles. En forsvarsstyrke af TIE Fighter prøvede at holde angrebet tilbage, men mistede flere skibe. Men lige i det rette øjeblik kom den Acclamator-class slave skib der indeholdt Jabiimi oprørerne fra Slaget om Jabiim og fik X-wingerne til at flygte.
3	In 8 ABY, an Imperial science team, MS-133, began excavating the ruins on Aaris III. They rediscovered the Plaque of Victory and fell victim to its manipulations until the last two survivors, Lancer Brunou and Solla Deremot, were rescued from the planet by the New Republic CR90 corvette FarStar. Aboard the vessel, the Plaque attempted to spread its influence to the crew; however, the FarStar's personnel realized the cause of their problems and jettisoned the Plaque into space, freeing themselves from the artifact's manipulations.
2	Under det første året slet republikken mot den gigantiske droidehæren som Grev Dooku og hans allierte hadde skapt. Rett etter slaget om Geonosis hadde nemlig Separatistene utløst en rekke angrep på Republikkens systemer, og tatt kontroll over mange av hyperromrutene i galaksen. For å løse dette, utnevnte kansleren jediene til generaler. Dette likte ikke jediene, siden dems hovedoppgave, var å opprettholde fred. Ved å lede Republikkens hær inn i kriger, brøt de en av jedireglene. De valgte allikevel å ta på seg ansvaret, men Kanslerens tillit sank betydelig.
1	Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones viser, at efter Anakin venstre Tatooine, Shmi gift Cliegg Lars , bliver den stedmor af Owen . Owen fortalte Anakin de var stedbrødre. Owen senere gift Beru Whitesun . Som en Jedi Knight, hemmeligt Anakin gift Padmé Amidala , der fødte tvillinger, Luke og Leia .
2	Nå flyr de gjennom blokaden, noe de overlever så vidt. Men, motoren er blitt skadet, så de må lande på planeten Tatooine, for å reparere. Handelsføderasjonen på sin side, som trenger Amidala til å undertegne en traktat, sender sith-lorden Darth Maul etter henne.
3	Holshef was a human male who lived on the[1] Outer Rim Territories[3] planet Lothal under the Galactic Republic and later its successor, the Galactic Empire. His grandmother had come to the planet as a young woman and built the family home in Capital City.[1]
1	Jabba blev født på Nal Hutta 596 år før Slaget om Yavin, og var søn af Zorba Desilijic Tiure. Han overtog ledelsen af Desilijic kartellet omkring 2 BBY, da dets tidligere leder Jiliac Desilijic Tiron, døde under en duel med Durga Besadii Tai.
3	Also, some of our rules, policies and article standards differ greatly from those of Wikipedia; please see Wookieepedia:Policies, Layout Guide and Manual of Style for more details.
2	Yoda (896 f.s.Y. - 4 e.s.Y.), jedimester i den gamle Republikken, levde sine siste år på planeten Dagobah. 900 år gammel hadde han trent jedier i åtte århundreder. Blant hans siste viktige elever var Count Dooku, Obi-Wan Kenobi og Luke Skywalker.
3	In the presence of the freighter's pilots, Garnac expressed excitement over the capture, believing that Tano would prove to be a challenge for Dar's upcoming first hunt. The Trandoshans left Felucia for Wasskah shortly after, and, under Garnac's orders, Lagon piloted the ship to Wasskah's Island Four, where the prey was released. Lo-Taren manned one of the freighter's laser cannons and promptly killed two of the prisoners on the island's beach, forcing the survivors to run and find cover.[1]
1	Som ved Jedi Borgerkrigen, blev der brugt personlige skjoldgeneratorer. Nogle modeller blev købt og andre fremstillet direkte til Republikken. Uheldigvis var disse apparater meget dyre, og derfor kunne der kun købes til et meget begrænset antal soldater, som blev specielt udvalgt. Specialstyrker elskede dem, da det gjorde det muligt for dem at vinde over en hel enhed med konventionelt udstyr.
3	Kun and Master Baas engaged in a heated verbal exchange, with neither willing to accept the other's terms. Kun then ignited his lightsaber while issuing his challenge, and his blade met Baas' Force-imbued staff in battle. When it was realized that the opponents were evenly matched in combat, Kun sought to tip the balance in his favor by revealing his latest creation, a weapon of ancient Sith design: the double-bladed lightsaber. Baas' own mettle now faltering under the strength of Kun's blows, the Master sensed his impending demise as he prophesied a future meeting between the two of them, where Baas vowed to defeat Kun forever. He then became one with the Force under the power of Kun's killing stroke, being mocked by his former apprentice even unto death. His part in the bloody Jedi pogrom complete, the Dark Lord of the Sith departed the Convocation Chamber with Ulic Qel-Droma and Mandalore the Indomitable, resuming their quest for dominion over the galaxy.
3	Roodown once witnessed Plutt being kidnapped by the criminal Zool Zendiat and described what had happened to the scavenger Rey when she arrived to investigate. When a desert storm later uncovered the downed Star Destroyer Spectral, Plutt encouraged the scavengers of Niima to ransack it for him and had Roodown throttle the scavenger Teedo when he questioned the junk dealer. Constable Zuvio then sliced off Roodown's mechanical hand in order to stop any further harm befalling Teedo. In 34 ABY, shortly after the First Order attacked the nearby Tuanul village, Roodown passed by Rey in the outpost.
3	Tower Droids had no developed personalities and only rudimentary intelligence programming,[1] leaving them unable to differentiate between friendly and hostile contacts.[5] Their array of sensors, heavy armament, and ability to maneuver over rough terrain saw them primarily used by the Fromm Gang as mobile sentries. When its scans of the surrounding area revealed an intruder, the Tower Droid could use its seeker drones to investigate and capture the target, or utilize its weapon systems to neutralize it.[4] Tower Droids also saw military use with the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars[3] and were later used by assorted paramilitary groups.[1] Tower Droids operating at Tig Fromm's base on the planet Ingo were stored in a large hangar when not in use. Fromm Tower Droids were commonly referred to as guardian droids or sentry droids.[5]
3	The series is set between the events of Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi and Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens, in a time when the Resistance is still learning about the growing threat of the First Order. It centers on the character of Kazuda Xiono, a young pilot in General Leia Organa's Resistance who is tasked with spying on the growing threat of the First Order.[1]
3	Content approaching. Star Wars Book VI: Yoda's Secret War, Dooku: Jedi Lost, Master &amp; Apprentice, Balance, The Weapon, Mission, Obi-Wan and Anakin 5, Jedi of the Republic &#8211; Mace Windu 1, Jedi of the Republic &#8211; Mace Windu 5, Star Wars: The Clone Wars, The Padawan Path, Teach You, I Will, Hide and Seek, Kanan 7, Kanan 8, Kanan 9, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5, The Trial of Dagobah, From a Certain Point of View, The Path Ahead, Star Wars 1 and Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel–class.
3	In 15 BBY,[2] Fett was approached by the gangster Sise Fromm on Boonta to hunt the young racing team of Thall Joben and Jord Dusat, along with their rebel associate Kea Moll,[3] after the group destroyed Fromm's Trigon One weapons satellite, leaving the Fromm Gang powerless against their rivals.[5] Though Jabba the Hutt had placed a bounty on Fromm and his son Tig, Fett agreed to take the job in return for a previous favor provided by the Fromm Gang.[3]
1	Efter de Nye Sith Krige, nedrustede Republikken deres Flåde som del af Ruusan Reformationen og placerede den under Retslig Afdeling. Dens prioriteter blev ændret fra kæmpekonflikter til mindre sektorkonflikter og systemkonflikter, anti-pirat operationer og udforskning af Galaksen.
2	Han, Leia og Chewie flykter fra Imperiet gjennom et astroidebelte før de kommer til gassplaneten Bespin, hvor Lando Calrissian, en tvilsom venn av Han bor. Han forråder dem og gir dem til Imperiet og Boba Fett, en dusørjeger som skal fange Han Solo for Jabba the Hutt.
3	Chiba DR-10 protocol droids were originally designed for the purposes of negotiation and translation, tasks aided by the vast amount of information contained in the droids' memory banks about law, customs, trade, and business matters.[1] The droid had enough knowledge of Imperial law that it could provide individuals with legal advice.[2] Some of the droids had translator units to help in translation, and they were programmed to speak and understand Galactic Basic Standard, binary, as well as five languages that could be chosen by the owner.[1]
3	The plan for an Imperial invasion of Alderaan was headed by the Sith Lord Malgus, who had recently been granted the honorific title of "Darth." Malgus specialized in surprise assaults and utilized that ability in planning the attack on Alderaan.[10] In 3667 BBY,[5] the Sith Lord manipulated the forces of the Republic Navy into all but abandoning the planet in order to deal with a situation light years away&#8212;a situation that was in fact nothing more than a diversionary feint fabricated by Malgus to pull defenses away from his target.[10] Unbeknown to the Sith, however, a number of Jedi&#8212;including Satele Shan,[2]&#8212;were on the planet to investigate rumors of Imperial interference in the politics of the ruling noble families. Additionally, many troopers from the Republic Army, specifically the Special Forces division, were on Alderaan, for the peaceful Core World served as a rest and medical recuperation center for soldiers returning from brutal battlefronts across the Mid and Outer Rim.[2]
1	Selvom de var giganter i forhold til frigatter og krydsere i Det Galaktiske Imperiums normale krigskibsskala,[2][3] var Star Destroyers knap så store i forhold til en Imperisk Stjerne Krydser.[6]
3	By the year 7 ABY,[4] an R2-series astromech droid[1] produced by Industrial Automaton[1][2] served Rogue Squadron pilot Gavin Darklighter during the squadron's independent campaign against the forces of de facto Imperial leader Ysanne Isard in the Bacta War. Darklighter called the droid Jawaswag, as he figured that any member of the Jawa species would love to own the droid. That year, Jawaswag accompanied Darklighter in his T-65 X-wing starfighter on an ambush of Imperial-affiliated tankers containing the valuable medical substance bacta after a trio of tankers were diverted to a star system away from their escort once their navicomputers were sliced. There, Rogue Squadron convinced the three tankers to accompany them as they left the system, but the delay it took for Darklighter and his wingmate, Riv Shiel, to intimidate the tanker Xucphra Alazhi into joining them allowed the tankers' escort, the Victory II-class Star Destroyer Corrupter, to arrive on the scene.[1]
3	It has the potential to be canon as it does not go against anything that happens in the story of STAR WARS.--Tayd0gta (talk) 03:05, April 30, 2014 (UTC)
3	Wookieepedia articles are to be formatted for ideal presentation in the Fandom skin, also known as Oasis. This is in particular regard to paragraph size and image placement.
1	Padmé Naberrie af Naboo (offentligt kendt under sit kongelige navn, Padmé Amidala, og som Hendes Kongelige Højhed, Dronning Amidala af Naboo fra 33 BBY til 25 BBY og derefter som Hendes Excellence, Senator Amidala af Naboo fra 25 BBY til sin død) var den yngste datter af Ruwee and Jobal Naberrie, and the sister of Sola Naberrie. Senere blev Amidala i hemmelighed gift med Jedi Ridderen Anakin Skywalker og fødte Luke Skywalker og Leia Organa Solo, to af de vigtigste figurer i den galaktiske historie. Hun er ligeledes bedstemor til Jaina, Jacen og Anakin Solo såvel som Ben Skywalker. Dette gør hende til oldemor til Allana Solo, Jacen Solos dater, og forfader til Nat, Kol, Cade Skywalker og Ania Solo.
3	Tiplee was a member of the Jedi Order along with her twin sister, Tiplar, and both sisters eventually achieved the rank of Jedi Master. During the Clone Wars, they served as Jedi Generals within the Grand Army of the Republic. In that capacity, Tiplee and her sister served in the Republic campaign at the planet Ringo Vinda,[4] fighting alongside such clone troopers as Commander Doom,[5] to take an orbital space station from the Confederacy of Independent Systems. Along with Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, the two Jedi sisters led the clone troopers under their command against the battle droid forces of Admiral Trench.[4] After several encounters, the Republic forces reached the station's communication center and captured it.[6]
2	Inngangsporten til alle artikler finner du gjennom kategorisystemet, en innebygget funksjon på alle wiki'er. Systemets hovedkategori heter noe så fint som Kategori:Kategorier. Mange kategorier har mange underkategorier, som kan ha flere underkategorier, osv...
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
2	Senere diskuterer Mace, Obi-Wan og Yoda om Anakin virkelig er den utvalgte som profetien forteller om før Yoda drar til Kashyyyk for å kjempe sammen med wookieene mot separatistene. Om kvelden møter Anakin Palpatine i et teater, og Palpatine forteller ham om en sith som kan forhindre døden. Anakin blir fristet og ønsker å lære seg slike krefter, slik at han kan unngå at drømmen hans om Padmés barseldød går i oppfyllelse.
3	A veteran spy of the Rebellion, Andor maintained a network of contacts throughout the galaxy who kept him informed about the activities of the Galactic Empire.[2] Throughout his career as an intelligence agent, Andor worked undercover and used several aliases. While working as a government agent on Ord Mantell, Andor went by the name Willix. As a senatorial contact on Darknell, he was Aach. Andor used the name Joreth Sward when he was an assistant to Admiral Grendreef. Andor also used the code name Fulcrum when he worked as a Rebel recruiter in the Albarrio sector.[1]
2	Tidlig i Klonehærens utvikling prøvde dusørjegeren Jango Fett og hans mandalorianer-rådgivere å skape en gruppe soldater som kunne løse oppgaver for krevende for vanlige enheter. Dette prosjektet, dubbet Null-class Avansert Recon Commando, var mislykket.  Kaminoanerne ga soldatene for lite oppførselstrening og retting. Den neste ARC gruppen, Alpha-class Avansert Recon Commando, var velykket og opplærte hundre kommandoenheter.
3	Kanan Jarrus, born Caleb Dume, was a Force-sensitive human male Jedi Knight who survived Order 66 during the Clone Wars. Living on thanks to the sacrifice of his Master, Depa Billaba, on Kaller, he met the smuggler Janus Kasmir, who taught him how to survive as a fugitive. Going into hiding, he forsook the Jedi ways for some time, swapping his blue-bladed lightsaber for a blaster. After working with the Twi'lek rebel operative Hera Syndulla during the Gorse conflict, Jarrus decided to join her nascent rebel cell.
2	Etter seieren vendte Revan ryggen til sin lærdom fra Jediordenen, og tok tittelen Den Mørke Sithfyrsten og ble Darth Revan. Under Jedi Sivilkrigen, cirka 3959-3956 F.S.Y. brukte han Trayus Akademiet på Malachor som en av sine hemmelige baser og brukte det til å omvende fangede Jediriddere. Gjennom krigens gang fanget Sith Snikmorderne og andre av tilhengerne hans Jedier som de brakte til Akademiet. Stedets korrumperte natur svekket viljen deres så Revan og hans lojale enkelt kunne lede dem over til den mørke siden og Sith Imperiet hans.
1	Efter skibet blev bygget, blev det begravet under bygningerne på Coruscant, hvor det blev gjort til Ysanne Isards private fængsel, og senere som hendes kommando skib under Bacta Krigen.
1	I den utrolig unge alder af 80 år oprettede Jabba sit krimminelle imperium på Tatooine, hvor han stjal et palads fra B'omarr munkene, og indrettede det som sit hovedkvarter.
1	Centrale Samlings Hal, Eastport, Galaktiske Museum, Galaxies Opera Huset, Imperial Palace, Jedi Templet, Manarai Bjergene, Newport, Senat Bygningen, Skydome Botaniske Haver, The Works, Coruscants Universitet, Westport, Glitannai Esplanaden, Skibsværfter, Holografiske Zoo for uddøde dyr, Palpatine's Museum.
3	The Fromm Tower Droid, also known as a guardian droid and sentry droid, was a heavily armed droid designed by Tig Fromm, the son of the noted Annoo-dat crime lord Sise Fromm, and manufactured at his secret base on the planet Ingo. Four meters tall, with a cylindrical tower extending from an armored chassis, the Tower Droid could travel at speeds up to 100 kilometers per hour on six large pneumatic wheels. The Tower Droid was fitted with numerous sensors, and could respond to nearby threats with its arsenal of four laser cannons and two repulsor ball launchers. Tower Droids were primarily used by the Fromm Gang as perimeter sentries, but they were also used by the Confederacy of Independent Systems at the Battle of Xagobah during the Clone Wars. In 15 BBY, many Tower Droids were destroyed during the rescue of the captive speeder racer Jord Dusat from Tig Fromm's base, leading Fromm to increase production to cover the losses. Soon after, both Tig and Sise Fromm were captured by the bounty hunter Boba Fett. The Fromms' rivals seized their assets, and the remaining Tower Droids were dispersed around the galaxy.
3	Once the agents had investigated X2-4's production lines and droid development facilities for evidence of the identity of the saboteur, HG-211 contacted the agents via comlink and summoned them back to his office to explain their findings to him. However, LN-73 had learned of HG-211's investigation, and, while the security droid was interviewing the agents, the rogue mechanical initiated a power cell overload that caused a surge at HG-211's computer terminal and incapacitated the security droid. The Heroes of Cularin proceeded to locate and defeat LN-73, and HG-211 was taken away to be fixed. Two hours later, the repairs on the security droid were complete, and HG-211 thanked the agents for their services. He paid them a sum of credits and bequeathed to them the droid MSF-111, an MSF-series unit that had developed a fondness for the agents during the course of their investigation.[1]
1	Isard var Armand Isard, lederen af Senatets Efterreningstjenestes, datter. Hun voksede op i Kejserens hof. Da hendes fars organisation blev omdannet til Imperiet Efterretningstjeneste, begyndte Ysanne sin karriere som agent. Efter Imperiets dannelse havde Kejseren mange fjender han ville have dræbt eller fanget. På grund af dette fik begge Isard'erne mere magt end nogensinde før.
3	The crazed Sith was eventually found by his brother, Savage Opress, over a decade after the former's defeat on Naboo. During the Galactic Civil War, the Duros Akar Duel ruled over a collection of monster droids built from Lotho Minor's scrap and claimed the planet as his own, but his servants turned against him and gained their freedom after encountering the Rebel Alliance droid C-3PO.
3	Tamara Ryvora, nicknamed "Tam," and later designated DT-533, was a human female mechanic from Kuat who served as a member of Team Fireball on the Colossus, a refueling station in the Outer Rim Territories. She aspired to be a star racer and saw repairing the derelict starship Fireball as a second chance at her goal, after having lost her first ship. Eventually, Tam joined the First Order and served as a TIE pilot.
2	Mot slutten av krigen ledet Grievous den desvaderende angrepet på Galaksens hovedstad Coruscant. Han kidnappet Kansler Palpatine, drepte vokterne hans og ydmyket Shaak Ti, som kom for sent til å redde Kansleren.
3	During that same time, a Jedi Convocation was called&#8212;the first one to be held since the gathering on the planet Deneba some ten years prior. It had been organized by Head of the Order Nomi Sunrider on the Exis mining station in the Teedio system.[5] Of all those present, one of the most vocal was the female Cathar Jedi Sylvar,[7] who had lost her mate, Crado, during the war.[8] Though it was not his fault, Qel-Droma was held responsible by Sylvar for Crado's demise, as well as for the deaths of countless others who perished during Qel-Droma's time as a Sith.[7]
3	Lucasfilm first announced Star Wars Rebels on May 20, 2013, following the news that the animated television series Star Wars: The Clone Wars would be ending and that a new series would be produced. Star Wars Rebels was the first new major Star Wars project to be released following The Walt Disney Company's acquisition of Lucasfilm Ltd. in 2012. The series was created by Dave Filoni, Simon Kinberg, and Carrie Beck, and stars actors Taylor Gray, Freddie Prinze Jr., Vanessa Marshall, Tiya Sircar, Steve Blum, David Oyelowo, James Earl Jones, Ashley Eckstein, Dee Bradley Baker, Philip Anthony-Rodriguez, Sarah Michelle Gellar, and Jason Isaacs.
1	Mace Windu er en Jedi Master og en af de sidste medlemmer af Jedi Rådet før faldet af Galaktiske Republik . Mace er Rådets primære kontaktperson til højesteret kansler, selv om Clone Wars få ham til at sætte spørgsmålstegn ved hans fasteste overbevisninger. [1]
3	The emergence of the Sith Order was the result of a schism that fractured Jedi unity, dividing the Order between the Jedi who remained faithful to the light and a group of renegades that followed a rogue Jedi into exile for exploring the dark side of the Force. Henceforth, the Jedi and Sith warred with each other for centuries. Although the last conflict concluded with the fall of the Old Republic, the ancient Sith all but perished as well, allowing a new Galactic Republic to rise under the protection of the Jedi Order. Unknown to the Jedi, however, the Sith endured in secret for a millennium beginning with Darth Bane, the sole-surviving Dark Lord of the Sith who reformed the Sith way by creating the Rule of Two&#8212;a rule limiting the Sith Order's ranks to two members; a Sith Master to embody the power of the dark side; and a Sith apprentice to covet that power. While the Jedi and Republic moved on, their ancient wars with the Sith all but fading from memory, Bane's legacy spawned a lineage of Sith Lords that culminated in the rise of Darth Sidious approximately three decades before the Battle of Yavin.
2	Både Nute Gunray og føderasjonen greide imidlertid, skandaløst nok, å holde fast ved sine posisjoner, til tross for flere rettssaker. Gunray søkte hevn over Amidala, nå senator, og ti år etter Naboo-blokaden tilbød han grev Dooku å bli medlem av hans separatistbevegelse, mot Amidalas hode.
3	With his father's support, Xiono was able to enroll in a military academy which, in turn, led to service in the New Republic Defense Fleet. By then, the rise of the First Order gave way to a tense political standoff between the Republic and the Galactic Empire's successor. By 34 ABY, Xiono was serving as a T-85 X-wing pilot in the New Republic Starfighter Corps.[4]
2	Tre år senere, hadde opprørsalliansen flyttet til isplaneten Hoth. Da Imperiet angrep basen var det Leia som ledet motangrepet. De fleste klarte å overleve, Leia selv kom med Han Solo på hans Millennium Falcon.
3	Qi'ra hailed from the planet Corellia during the reign of the Galactic Empire, before the outbreak of the Galactic Civil War.[3] She grew up on the streets and became friends with Han.[1] By the time Qi'ra was eighteen years old, she was enmeshed in a criminal life working for the White Worms gang on Corellia.[3] She was chosen by Lady Proxima to be the Head Girl[2] after Han revealed to her that Qi'ra had turned down an opportunity to travel the galaxy, but to work for her instead.[4] Qi'ra attempted to flee Corellia with Han, by this point her lover, who had stolen a vial of coaxium during a delivery for Proxima that had gone badly. After a confrontation with Proxima, in which Solo caused a distraction by shattering a window allowing light in, exploiting her vulnerablility of her skin, he and Qi'ra attempted to escape through the Imperial control zone using the coaxium to bribe Falthina Sharest, an Imperial Emigration Officer. Sharest agreed to allow them through, provided they handed over the coaxium before passing through the security gate. Solo reluctantly agreed, and instructed Qi'ra to hand it over. However, only Solo got through, Qi'ra was captured by several members of the White Worms, and the gate closed when Sharest triggered a security alert. Solo promised Qi'ra he would come back for her as soon as possible before he ran away from the gate.[1]
3	Star Wars Legends articles will comprehensively cover all non-contradictory stories from Star Wars Tales issues 1&#8211;20 in the article body. Content from Tales 1&#8211;20 stories that were referenced in no other Legends source must be clearly labeled with the following advisory tags:
3	In 0 BBY, Bridger managed to free his people from the Empire's control during the Liberation of Lothal. Towards the end of the battle, he and Thrawn were taken into hyperspace by the purrgil. This opening allowed the Lothal resistance on the ground to free the planet by destroying the Imperial dome. After the fall of the Empire, Wren and Ahsoka Tano set off on a journey to find Bridger and bring him home.
1	Flygtningeskibene, der var taget fra flygtningekonvojer fra en række planeter der inkluderede Ralltiir og Rhinnal, blev fløjet af Yuuzhan Vonger, der blev vilje fløj ind i Coruscant's skjolde for at svække dem. Denne taktik virkede, da hele sektioner af skjoldet gik ned, og skjoldgeneratorerne på planeten eksploderede. Selv de orbitale forsvarsplatforme kunne ikke stoppe Yuuzhan Vongernes fremfærd. Snart var Coruscant's himmel fyldt med styrtende fly og plasma fra slaget over planeten. Selv det Orbitale Forsvars Hovedkvarter blev ødelagt, og faldt ned på planeten. Under slaget angreb Luke Skywalker og andre Jedier fra Eclipse Station fjendens krigskoordinerende Yammosks, og dræbte fire af dem.
3	The son of Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker and Senator Padmé Amidala, Luke Skywalker was born along with his twin sister Leia in 19 BBY. As a result of Amidala's death and Anakin's fall to the dark side of the Force, the Skywalker children were separated and sent into hiding, with Leia adopted by the royal family of Alderaan while Luke was raised by his relatives on Tatooine. Longing for a life of adventure and purpose, Skywalker joined the Rebellion and began learning the ways of the Force under the guidance of Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi, whose first apprentice was Luke's own father. During the Battle of Yavin in 0 BBY, Skywalker saved the Alliance from annihilation by destroying the Empire's planet-killing superweapon, the Death Star. He continued his training in the years that followed, determined to become a Jedi Knight like his father before him, and found a new mentor in Grand Master Yoda. After his master's death, Skywalker participated in the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY, during which he confronted the Sith Lord Darth Vader, whom he learned was in fact his father, Anakin Skywalker. With Luke's help, Anakin returned to the light side of the Force by destroying the Emperor at the cost of his own life, fulfilling his destiny as the Chosen One.
3	Jori Daragon later led Teta's fleet in pursuit of her brother Gav, who had found himself in a predicament: he had become trapped aboard Sadow's empty Sith Meditation Sphere after Sadow tricked him into coming aboard the vessel by promising to meet him face-to-face. Gav gave the Koros forces the location of the Sith Empire, but soon afterward, Sadow reappeared and triggered a secret weapon to destroy the nearby star of Primus Goluud. The ensuing explosion killed Gav Daragon.[2] Sadow returned to the Sith Empire defeated; his forces had taken losses at Koros Major, Coruscant, and Kirrek, thereby ending any hope of a victory for the Sith Empire. Teta's forces followed him to the Empire's holdings and defeated him in battle over Korriban, forcing the Dark Lord of the Sith to fake his death and flee to the faraway moon of Yavin 4.[4] The city of Cinnagar was greatly damaged in the battle, but it had been fully rebuilt by 3996 BBY and was flourishing at that time.[5]
3	With regards to the process of Consensus track forums which are discussed and debated among the entire community, it is the responsibility of administrators both to provide input on consensus track threads, as well as closing the threads when they are finished.
1	Bortset fra disse typer kloning, blev andre metoder også brugt rundt omkring i galaksene. Spaarti cylinders var den foretrukne metode. Den blev forbedret af det Galaktiske Imperium og senere brugt af Storadmiral Thrawn til at skabe en ny klonhær på Wayland. Nogle kulturer udnyttede kloningsmulighederne til det optimale, som for eksempel de indfødte fra Khomm. Den byggede et kloningssamfund som eliminerede al naturlig produktion (parring).
3	To upload files, you must have: (1) an account that is at least four days old; (2) at least fifty edits on Wookieepedia; and (3) a confirmed email address in your preferences. If you don't meet those requirements, our system will prevent you from uploading files until you do.
1	Samtidig med dette udkæmpes krigen mellem klonkrigerne og droiderne på mange forskellige planeter, men efter Anakin er konverteret til den mørke side, iværksættes Ordre 66 – og klonerne, der oprindeligt var på de godes side, vender sig mod dem og slår alle Jedier ihjel. Imens er Anakin gået amok i Jedi Templet på Coruscant og har slået alle ihjel – selv børn. Herefter rejser han til Mustafar-systemet, og slår resten af separatiserne ihjel efter ordre fra Palpatine – da dette er gjort er republikken, Jedi-ordenen og separatiserne udryddet – og det første Galaktiske Imperium bliver stiftet – Sith-fyrsterne har opnået deres hævn, og magt over hele galaksen.
3	After the destruction of the New Republic, Finn provided the Resistance with the information they needed to destroy the First Order's superweapon, Starkiller Base. During the attack, he was defeated and nearly killed by the dark warrior Kylo Ren. Rescued by Rey and Chewbacca, Finn recuperated from his injuries and by the time he awoke, the Resistance was forced to evacuate their base on D'Qar. Despite attempting to escape from the conflict once more, a mission with Rose Tico convinced Finn to truly join the Resistance to the extent where he nearly sacrificed his life for their cause during the Battle of Crait in 34 ABY. Finn later continued assisting the Resistance by joining Rey on the quest to find the Sith Wayfinder and end the malevolent religion once and for all eight months later, eventually becoming a general along with Poe after Leia's passing. Finn later led the ground forces during the battle on the planet Exegol.
3	In response, the Empire's ruling Dark Council put into motion several new initiatives. The first was the manipulation of the Mandalorian warrior clans to engage in the Blockade of the Hydian Way, meant to prevent the movement of foodstuffs to the Core Worlds and the transportation of military wares to embattled Republic armies in the Outer Rim. The blockade was highly successful and held for a year,[1] allowing for the Empire to launch another highly successful offensive by 3660 BBY:[4] the Rim Campaign. Overseen by the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Angral, the Rim Campaign was focused on securing holdings in the Outer Rim, such as the worlds of the Esstran sector that had not yet fallen to the Empire. Two ascendant Sith Lords, Darth Malgus and Darth Venemal, were placed in command of one of Angral's legions of Imperial soldiers as well as a small fleet of Imperial Navy warships with orders to reconquer Ord Radama&#8212;one of the campaign's primary targets.[3]
2	IG-100 eller Magnaguard var en avansert type kampdroid, brukt som livvakter til General Grievous, eller til andre viktige medlemmer av Konføderasjonen av uavhengige systemer. De var spesiellt designet til å kjempe jediriddere, og mer en en uerfaren jedi har møtt sin skjebne i hendene på en Magnaguard.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
3	Upon its return to known space in 3681 BBY,[4] the Sith Empire launched a widely successful campaign for control of the Outer Rim Territories. For the first ten years of this Great Galactic War, constituent worlds of the Old Republic fell in quick succession,[2] leading the Sith Emperor to believe that his invasion of the galaxy was unstoppable. After the Imperial victory in the struggle for the Seswenna sector, the Emperor had secured the Outer Rim and began plans to move towards the galactic core&#8212;the bastion of the Republic's gradually dwindling power. The first target of this refocused assault was the Mid Rim, specifically the Bothan sector.[1]
2	Disse krigernes rustning og utstyr var i stor grad basert på den mandalorianske kamprustningen, som opphavsmannen Jango Fett brukte. Den svarte drakten under platene hadde et komprimert materiale som kunne motstå etsende gasser. Hjelmen var forsynt med luftfilter for optimal funksjon i krigssonenes ofte dårlige luftforhold. Denne utrustningen gav sammen med klonenes omfattende trening, en følelse av uovervinnelighet.
3	After breaking free of a First Order military occupation after the Hosnian Cataclysm,[5] the inhabitants of the Colossus took their refueling platform into space, eluding the First Order. After several months of scouting, Captain Imanuel Doza decided to settle on the planet Aeos Prime, an ocean world similar to Castilon.[1]
3	L'ulo L'ampar[6] was a male Duros who served the Alliance to Restore the Republic during the Galactic Civil War, a galaxy-wide conflict between the Alliance and the Galactic Empire. Holding the rank of lieutenant, L'ampar flew as a Rebel pilot in Green Squadron, operating an[4] RZ-1 A-wing interceptor[7] under the command of Green Leader Arvel Crynyd.[8] In 4 ABY,[9] after the[10] Bothan spynet[11] discovered that Galactic Emperor[10] Sheev Palpatine[12] would be aboard the[10] Death Star II[13] to oversee its construction,[10] Alliance High Command[14] determined that launching an immediate assault on the space station would be their only chance to cripple the Empire.[10]
1	Han gennemgik mange prøvelser gennem sit liv før han kunne føre drømmen om genoprettelsen af Jedi-Ordenen ud i livet; pilot i Rogue Squadron, helt i Oprørsalliancen, Den Nye Republik og senere den Galaktiske Alliance, som Jedi ridder, Jedi mester og Jedi stormester, men har også måttet kæmpe mod personlige tab, der alle ikke har været nemme at komme over.
2	Jabba Desilijic Tiure (født 596 f.s.Y., død 4 e.s.Y.) eller Jabba the Hut, var et avskyelig monster og den mektigste kriminelle i de ytre territoriene. Jabba ledet operasjonene sine fra Tatooine, og drev med et stort spekter av kriminalitet: Slaveri, kryddersmugling, våpensmugling, utpressing og mer.
1	Nautolanere også nogen gange kaldt nautiloider, var en amfibisk humanoid race fra planeten Glee Anselm. Selv om de etablerede bosættelser ud over hele deres vandrige hjemverden, fandtes det meste af den nautolanske civilisation i Sabilon-regionen. Den bedst kendte nautolaner var Jedi Mester Kit Fisto, en helt fra Klonkrigene.
3	This Featured article has been deemed sufficiently below FA standards by the Inquisitorius and will have its status removed if not up to standards by the next Inquisitorius meeting.
3	When the Separatist Crisis spawned the birth of the Confederacy of Independent Systems and sparked the Clone Wars, Windu and the Jedi rallied to the defense of the Republic and became the leaders of the Grand Army of the Republic. Throughout the war, Windu served the Jedi and the Republic in various capacities&#8212;on the battlefield in command of the clone army, on Coruscant as an overseer of the war effort and an advisor to Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, and even as a diplomat to contested worlds, despite his disdain of politics. His exploits on the frontline served as a reminder of his reputation as a renowned Jedi warrior.
2	Under Slaget om Malachor V, drepte Revan egenhendig Mandalore den Ultimale om bord på krigsherrens flaggskip. Mens Republikkens og Mandaloriernes styrker braste sammen begynte selve planeten og kollapse, dermed gav Jedieksilet ordre til Bao-Dur om og aktivere supervåpenet Masse Skygge Generatoren for og forhindre at de Mandaloriske styrkene fra og angripe Revans styrker bakfra. På ett øyeblikk knuste Malachors gravitasjon alle stridende i og rundt atmosfæren. Malachors overflate ble forvandlet til et nakent, knust og livløst ødeland og eliminerte alle av Revans fiender i et slag. Selve planeten var merket av slaget ettersom overflaten hadde blitt knust. Lenge etterpå var det fortsatt spor etter styrtede Republikk Cruisere begravd dypt inn i overflaten.
3	The Battle of Alderaan was a major conflict between the Galactic Republic and the reconstituted Sith Empire that occurred at the height of the Great Galactic War, in 3667 BBY. The peaceful and verdant Core World of Alderaan was a founding member of the Republic and widely viewed as an embodiment of the ideals and principles upon which the galactic government was founded. It was that reputation that made it a military target for the Sith Empire. As the Great Galactic War dragged on elsewhere in the galaxy, the Sith formulated a plan to crush Republic morale by invading Alderaan and shattering its fabled serenity. The incursion was led by the Sith Lord Darth Malgus, who planned for it to coincide with a diversionary feint that would pull the ships of the Republic Navy far from Alderaan. As the planet sat undefended by the Republic fleet, it was beset by a massive Sith invasion force that bombarded the planet from orbit, obliterated its local defense forces, and took the royal family of Alderaan hostage. Malgus and his forces burned entire cities to the ground and brutalized the peaceful noble families, all while the small number of Jedi who were on-planet at the time of the invasion struggled to make even the slightest dent in the Sith invasion force.
3	Mitth'raw'nuruodo, better known by his core name Thrawn, was a Chiss male officer of the Chiss Ascendancy and Grand Admiral of the Imperial Navy during the reign of the Galactic Empire. An alien Imperial officer with striking blue skin, red eyes, and an angular face, Thrawn was well known as a brilliant and ruthless strategist. He believed that in order to achieve victory in war, one must know their enemy. As such, he dedicated himself to understanding the philosophy, art, and culture of his opponents, which included the Twi'leks of Ryloth and the warriors of Mandalore. When Governor Arihnda Pryce requested a strong commander capable of defeating the rebels on Lothal, Grand Admiral Thrawn accepted the challenge, intending to dismantle the rebellion one piece at a time.
3	The guided upload form will provide you with text fields and drop-down menus to fill in the information required on all uploads, and will prompt you to provide missing source information.
3	The Whiphid J'Quille was born on the frozen world of Toola, but he dwelt on the desert planet Tatooine during the Galactic Civil War between the Galactic Empire and the Rebel Alliance. On Tatooine, he served the crime lord Lady Valarian, a fellow Whiphid with whom he had a romantic affair.[1]
3	For consensus to be achieved, a minimum of ten Wookieepedians must contribute a vote or statement. Consensus track threads with 10-16 voters will need a 3 to 1 ratio of votes for passage; consensus track threads with 17 to 24 voters will need a 5 to 2 ratio of votes for passage; consensus track threads with more than 25 votes can be passed by a 2:1 ratio of votes/opinions posted on the thread.
1	Indre Råd, Foreløbige Råd; Styrende Råd, Rådgivningsråd, Normale Ministerium (7&#8211;28 ABY), Kabinet (5&#8211;7 ABY), Senat, (de jure), Chief of State (de facto)
3	Following the defeat of the Galactic Empire and subsequent rise of the New Republic, Yeager started a family; marrying a woman and having a daughter with her. At one point, Yeager was photographed with his family on the planet Batuu. Yeager also became a successful racer, earning the envy of his younger brother, Marcus Speedstar. During one such racing event around 24 ABY, that both Yeager and Speedstar were competing in, Speedstar used large amounts of coaxium to fuel his ship in an effort to beat Yeager. However, Speedstar's ship crashed, killing Yeager's wife and daughter, who were attending the event at the time. Furious at Speedstar's actions, Yeager ceased contact with him for many years.[7]
3	Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
2	Kaptein Rex og Anakin Skywalker kjempet sammen med Obi-Wan Kenobi og 212. Angrepsbattalion om å gjenninta Christophsis og senere om å holde posisjonene der. Etter seieren ved Christophsis ble Rex med Skywalker og den nye padawanen hans Ahsoka Tano til Teth. Under kampene ble Rexs gruppe redusert til fem mann før Kenobi og 212. ankom med forsterkninger.
3	Following his defeat at the Battle of Naboo, with his body shattered, the Sith Lord Darth Maul went into exile in the bowels of Lotho Minor, where he lost his mind. To escape the planet, he sent out a transmission, offering a great sum of credits for capture of himself in hopes of luring a starship that he could escape in. The transmission was intercepted by the droid Captain Spikewheel and her crew of scavenger hopefuls; however, Maul's attempt to flee the planet failed.
3	During the conflict between the Raiders and Jedi, Morr approached the Pilgrims of Kalikori Village and struck a deal with them&#8212;if they delivered Morr's former Master to him, he would spare the settlement from further harm. However, he reneged on their deal almost immediately upon receiving the captured Jedi Master and demanded the life of Din's current Padawan as well, forcing the villagers to try to kill the young Jedi. The village's Matriarch Ranna Tao'Ven objected, and the Padawan was able to convince the villagers to leave peacefully. Learning from Tao'Ven that Morr had taken Din to the location of the machine known as the Forge in the ruins of an ancient city, the Padawan and the astromech droid T7-O1 raced through the Flesh Raider&#8211;controlled territory around the city in an attempt to rescue Din.
2	På Tatooine oppdager de at skipet er blitt alvorlig skadet, og at det derfor trenger nye deler. Disse delene er så dyre at de ikke kan betale for dem, de er i alvorlige problemer. Imidlertid dukker den lille gutten Anakin Skywalker opp, og forteller dem at han kjører pod. Han bygger visstnok den beste pod-en noensinne, og er villig til å hjelpe. Anakin vinner det store årlige løpet, og gir prispengene til jediene. Selv blir han med dem, og blir befridd fra slaveriet.
3	On the planet Dathomir, a clan of dark side witches known as the Nightsisters would create such artifacts by empowering receptacles of various types with the power of what they called "the spirits"&#8212;their way of describing the work of the Force. According to Talzin, Clan Mother and Shaman of the united Nightsister covens during the time of the Clone Wars, the realm of the spirits was populated by the life-energies of beings that corresponded to real animals in the mundane realm, and was ruled by the universal manifestations of male and female energy. She believed every existing species to have a correspondent representative ur-spirit in the spirit realm&#8212;for example, all the ssurians of the material plane would have a single corresponding "ur-ssurian" spirit in the immaterial realm. Talismans of Transformation were believed to allow the wearer to turn into a specific creature by tapping into its ur-spirit's energy.[1]
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
3	You can also search for text in articles. Just go to the "search" field to the upper right (or to the left if you already changed your skin to Monobook), enter your search term and click "search." Note that the built-in search function may be disabled in times of server overload; in these cases you will be redirected to a Google-based search of the Wookieepedia database.
3	Most Wanted, Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: Han Solo - Imperial Cadet, Maz's Scoundrels, From a Certain Point of View, Age of Rebellion - Han Solo 1, Swoop Racers, Star Wars Book XII: The Escape, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues, Star Wars: Commander, An Echo of Victory, Two Sides to Every Sortie, Hare-Brained Heist, Last Shot, The Rise of Kylo Ren 2, Force Collector, Age of Resistance - Rey 1, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon, Pirate's Price, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Target Vader 5
3	Tula was a human female who served as an officer of the Galactic Empire during the Galactic Civil War, even after the Imperials destroyed her homeworld of Alderaan. Tula manipulated her sister, Tace, into providing the Empire with intelligence on the activities of Princess Leia Organa, who was attempting to rescue the survivors of Alderaan. Organa became aware of Tula's manipulation of Tace after Imperial forces attacked the princess while she visited the Alderaan Enclave on the planet Sullust.
3	Following the Second Battle of Empress Teta, in which Ulic Qel-Droma and Exar Kun were anointed Lords of the Sith, the two warlords made a plan through which they would expand their forces in an effort to eventually topple the Galactic Republic and destroy the Jedi Order. Part of the plan was for Qel-Droma to use the armies of his Krath cult to begin asserting his control in the systems neighboring Empress Teta. With the Krath military attempting to fulfill their commander's orders, the seven worlds of Empress Teta appeared to be overstretched by their campaigns. This, however, did not cause Qel-Droma or his co-commander, Aleema Keto, any concern, for they believed that no enemy other than perhaps a joint Republic&#8211;Jedi force could threaten them. Nonetheless, their overconfidence in their own power allowed for another enemy to attack them&#8212;the Mandalorians.[2]
1	Lige før Slaget om Yavin, stjal nogle oprørs spioner en datapakke der indeholdt koordinaterne og hemmeligheder omkring den nye Dødsstjerne. Armand sendte sin datter for at skaffe datapakken tilbage. Hun mødte Hal Horn og tvang ham til at hjælpe hende, men selv med hans hjælp, kunne hun ikke få fat i datapakken. Da indså hun hvor hendes far havde sendt hende afsted, det var en selvmordsmission; han ville have hende dræbt. Derfor gav Ysanne sin far skylden for at Darkknell Missionen slog fejl, og beskyldte ham for at være en forræder. To af kejserens vagter gik ind på hans kontor, arresterede Armand, og førte ham til sin brutale henrettelse. Det var et vidt spredt rygte at Isard selv var sin fars bøddel.
3	There, before the ancient machine used by the apprentices of the Jedi Order to craft their lightsabers, Din's apprentices of the past and present faced off. Despite Morr's experience, he and his Flesh Raider guards were defeated by the younger Padawan and T7-O1. The duo was able to subdue the Dark Jedi and awaken the unconscious Master Din. Taking Morr back to Tython's Jedi Temple, Din gave his apprentice the components for a lightsaber and urged the Padawan to construct the weapon as a final rite of passage. However, the Jedi's use of the Forge awoke a sleeping jurgoran, and the apprentice was forced to kill the enraged creature before returning to the Jedi Temple. For the Padawan's bravery and actions during the crisis, the apprentice was elevated to the rank of Jedi Knight and sent to the Republic capital, Coruscant, on a new assignment.
2	Noe før Naboo-blokaden kom neimoidieren Nute Gunray til makten i føderasjonen. Da det ble vedtatt toll på handelsruter i de ytre territoriene, brukte Gunray føderasjonens væpnede droidestyrker til å blokkere planeten Naboo i protest, og senere invaderte han den. Dette var imidlertid uvant aggressivt av føderasjonen, men ingen visste at det egentlig var sithfyrsten Darth Sidious som sto bak hele operasjonen.
2	De fleste jagerflyene angrep stasjonens overflate som en avledningsmanøver, og tok sikte på å ødelegge så mange kanonstillinger som mulig. Samtidig dro en liten gruppe Y-winger mot målområdet. Til å begynne med ble det kun brukt artilleri mot opprørerne, men da jagerne deres viste seg å være for små til å treffe ordentlig, bestemte  lord Vader seg for å sende ut en jagerflyskvadron.
3	The Chiba DR-10 protocol droid, sometimes known as the "Chiba Drio," was a small, spherical protocol droid produced by Chiba Corporation, and preferred by diplomats of the Galactic Empire. Unlike most protocol droids, the Chiba DR-10 floated on repulsorlifts and was equipped with a small, concealed blaster. The droid was originally designed to be used for negotiations and translation for legal purposes, but it also saw service in shops and customs checkpoints.
3	In 3680 BBY, the second year of the Great Galactic War, a series of public demonstrations broke out on Coruscant, the capital world of the Galactic Republic, in response to political infighting in the Galactic Senate and the Sith Empire's invasion of the Outer Rim Territories. Tensions began to mount in Galactic City after the Empire made itself known through a series of conquests and massacres in the Outer Rim, but the situation became particularly volatile after the Republic's biting loss of the Tingel Arm and the Empire's siege of the Minos Cluster. While the Senate was mired in political gridlock over how to best respond to the assault, members of the Jedi Order moved forward with a plan to liberate the Minos worlds. Their departure, along with continued inaction from Republic leaders, sent the people of Coruscant into panic, resulting in mass demonstrations consisting of political gatherings, anti-war rallies, and violent riots. The upheaval lasted for days but came to a conclusion as stories of Jedi heroics in the embattled Minos Cluster began to return to Coruscant.
2	Toydarieren Watto var en gambler med en forkjærlighet for penger. Han bodde på Tatooine hvor han drev en liten forretning, som blant annet solgte diverse deler til romskip.
1	Star Wars Rebels fokuserer på seks hovedpersoner, som er bor ombord stjerneskibet Ghost. Disse inkluderer den unge potentialefyldte dreng Ezra Bridger; den tidligere Jedi, Kanan Jarrus, Ghost's pilot og ejer, Twi'lek Hera Syndulla; teenage sprængstofsexpert, Sabine Wren; Lasat "musklerne", Garazeb "Zeb" Orrelios og astromech droiden C1-10P, eller "Chopper". Serien har også et nummer af diverse fjender, inkluderende The Grand Inquisitor.
2	For å komme seg til Alderaan leide Obi-Wan og Luke piloten for skipet Millennium Falcon, Han Solo, og hans medhjelper Chewbacca. Imidlertid klarte de aldri å komme dit, da planeten hadde blitt sprengt i filler av Dødsstjernen, men den gigantiske romstasjonen klarte de ved en tilfeldighet å komme ombord. Her klarte følget å redde prinsesse Leia, etter mye dramatikk. Alle klarte å komme levende fra det, utenom Obi-Wan, som ofret seg slik at de fire skulle klare å komme seg bort, i en kamp mot sin tidligere elev Darth Vader; Lukes far. Med prinsessen kunne de reise til Yavin 4, en av gasskjempen Yavins måner, hvor den hemmelige basen til Opprørsalliansen lå. Fra månen ledet man angrepet på Dødsstjernen, som førte til dens ødeleggelse, mot alle odds. Og av alle var det uerfarne Luke, ved hjelp av Kraften og avdøde Obi-Wan, som klarte det. Flere av Imperiets topper døde, blant andre guvernør Tarkin, men Vader døde imidlertid ikke.
3	Located in the Aeos system[2] of the galaxy's Outer Rim Territories,[1] Aeos Prime,[2] or simply Aeos, was a terrestrial planet covered in vast oceans, surrounded by a planetary ring. The ocean surface of Aeos was broken up by small islands, and a number of rocky caverns and tunnels were located beneath the surface.[1]
1	Star Destroyer var en betegnelse af specielt store Slagskibe brugt af Den Galaktiske Republik, [1] Imperiet, [2][3]  og Den Nye Republik, [4] Imperiets Rester og Den Galaktiske Føderation af Frie Alliancer. [5]De er lavet i mange forskellige former, men alle havde det til fælles, at det var store, svært bevæbnede, trekantede skibe.
3	The Plaque of Victory was a flat ingot made of a metal that was unknown to Imperial science by 8 ABY. Roughly triangular in shape with rounded edges instead of sharp corners, it was heavier at the base end than the apex. The Plaque was around one to two inches thick, increasing as it reached the base, and was a quarter of a meter in length. The base end was pitted, and it emanated a low level of energy. The Plaque was light enough to be held by one person, but large enough to be held by two people at once.[1]
3	A BB-series astromech droid[3] who operated in 34 ABY,[12] BB-8 became the companion of the New Republic Commander and flight leader of Rapier Squadron, Poe Dameron. During one of Rapier Squadron's routine patrols in the Mirrin sector, BB-8 and Poe's squadron responded to a distress message from the freighter Yissira Zyde, which had been boarded and hijacked by the First Order, a remnant of the Old Empire. Rapier Squadron failed to stop the First Order from escaping with the Yissira Zyde and its cargo of high-capacity charging areas. One of the Rapier pilots Muran was killed when the hyperspace wave generated by the Yissira Zyde slammed into his T-85 X-wing.[9]
2	Slaget ved Yavin, også kjent som Slaget ved dødsstjernen, var et veldig viktig slag i den galaktiske sivilkrigen som førte til ødeleggelse av den første dødsstjernen og Luke Skywalkers første steg på veien til å bli en fullholden jedi. Det var et av rebellenes aller største seire.
3	Administrators are not imbued with any special authority, and are equal to everybody else in terms of editorial responsibility. Some Wookieepedians consider the terms "Sysop" and "Administrator" to be misnomers, as they just indicate Wookieepedia users who have had performance- and security-based restrictions on several features lifted because they seemed like trustworthy folks and asked nicely. However, it should be noted that administrators do not have any special power over other users other than applying decisions made by all users.
1	Filmene og Expanded Universe afslører, at han havde trænet adskillige Jedi, herunder Grev Dooku , der er identificeret i Attack of the Clones som Yoda gamle Padawan Learner , Mace Windu , Obi-Wan Kenobi (delvist, før Qui-Gon Jinn overtager som Obi -Wans master), Ki-Adi-Mundi , Kit Fisto og i sidste ende Luke Skywalker . Under den animerede serie Star Wars: Clone Wars , der ligger mellem Attack of the Clones og Revenge of the Sith, nævner han, at han trænede en anden af lederne på Jedi Rådet , Master Oppo Rancisis. I Star Wars forgængerne , er det vist, at han instruerer flere younglings i Jedi Temple , før de er tildelt til en master. Dette blev vist i en scene i Attack of the Clones.
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
2	På Taris ble Griff og Mission tvunget til og leve i den Nedre Byen, siden ikke andre enn mennesker hadde lov til og bo i den øvre delen av byen. Rundt 3963 f.S.Y. hadde broren Griff blitt med i et swoopgjeng kjent som Hidden Beks.
3	For years, Maul was trained to become a weapon of the Sith. He became an acrobatic warrior, one trained to be relentless against his enemies, and learned to use a dual-bladed lightsaber. During his training, Sidious took Maul to Malachor to bear witness to a great battle that occurred there between the Jedi and the Sith. Sidious forced Maul to breathe in the ashes of Sith warriors, slain when an ancient weapon was activated in the Sith temple on the planet. While breathing in this ash, Maul had visions of members of the Sith order being struck down by the Jedi. He felt the slash of saber after saber as he felt the death of his Sith brethren.[8] His Sith training made Maul long for revenge against the Jedi Order,[1] which had defeated the Sith a millennium earlier.[15] With his master, Maul hoped to destroy the Jedi and restore the Sith to galactic power.[1]
3	In the year 22 BBY,[6] Rys was picked from the Guard along with fellow clones Jek and Lieutenant Thire to accompany Jedi[2] Grand Master[7] Yoda on a mission to Rugosa,[2] a moon close to the planet Toydaria.[8] Yoda was scheduled to meet secretly on the moon with King Katuunko, leader of the Toydarian people and the Toydaria system, where the Republic hoped to build a supply base. The four were transported to the moon in a Republic cruiser; however, upon reaching Rugosa, the cruiser found its communications jammed and then came under attack from two Separatist frigates. As the cruiser was taking heavy fire, Yoda ordered that he and the clone troopers be launched to the moon's surface in an escape pod so that the ship could retreat.[2]
1	Hele overfladen på Coruscant havde gennem tusinde generationer været bebygget med kilometerhøje skyskrapere og byer, og en befolkning på hundrede milliarder til flere trillioner, gennem de forskellige eraer. Disse skyskraperer var større end noget andet på planeten inklusiv bjergene og nu udtørrede oceaner, er engang dækkede en stor del af Coruscants overflade. Under skyskraperne var Coruscants underverden, hvor solsyset aldrig kom ned. Kunstig belysning dækkede disse lavere etager og reklame hologramer kunne ses alle vejne. Der var også mange underholdningssteder, der tiltrak folk fra mange alien racer.
3	After stealing a few jogan fruits from the merchant, Bridger made his way to a rooftop and watched the officers in the city square, where the officers found that there was no emergency. Instead, they found another officer, Supply Master Yogar Lyste, and his troops loading supply crates onto speeders&#8212;the same crates that the rebels intended to steal. The rebels themselves were in the area, preparing to undertake their mission.[1]
3	From Lucasfilm comes the first of the Star Wars standalone films, "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story," an all-new epic adventure. In a time of conflict, a group of unlikely heroes band together on a mission to steal the plans to the Death Star, the Empire's ultimate weapon of destruction. This key event in the Star Wars timeline brings together ordinary people who choose to do extraordinary things, and in doing so, become part of something greater than themselves. In theaters December 2016.[8]
2	Planeten Mandalores leder, Mandalore the Ultimate , ble lurt av en etterkommer av sithen Lord Dramath til å angripe Republikken . Mandalorianerne er hardbakte krigere. På et punkt under krigen hadde Mandalore overtaket over Republikken, og Jedi Rådet nektet å sende inn noen Jedier da de fryktet at deres liv ville gå tapt. Dette var frem til Jedi Ridderen Revan og hans lærling Alek ble satt som kommandører for den Republikanske Flåten under krigen. Med Revan og Alek, fikk de plutselig overtaket over Mandalore, og etter et ødeleggende angrep på planeten Malachor V hadde de nærmest vunnet krigen. Revan og Alek dro for å konfrontere Mandalore the Ultimate. Mandalore ble hardt skadet og lå der, døende, og dro av seg masken sin. Masken er kjent som Den Mandaloriske Masken, det er det mest hellige symbolet for Mandlorianerne. Den gir dem motivasjon og vilje til å kjempe. Før Mandalore the Ultimate døde, innså han at han ble lurt av sithen. Revan og Alek ble sjokkerte og overraska over å høre at sithene fortsatt eksisterte, det var antatt at sithene ble utryddet etter Den Store Hyperspace Krigen nesten tusen år tidligere. Revan tar maska og gjemmer den i en hule på isplaneten Rekkiad . At maska var borte, førte til at Mandalorianerne mistet all vilje og evne til å slåss og ble ekstremt demotiverte. Etter krigen var vunnet, dro Revan og Alek til De Ukjente Regionene av galaksen for å finne ut mer om disse sithene som visstnok ikke var utryddet likevel.
2	Han førte dem omsider til Naboos hovedstad, Theed, hvor Qui-Gon og Obi-Wan reddet dronningen fra fangenskap. Føderasjonen hadde satt i gang en invasjon, for å prøve å få slutt på denne flyktet de fra Naboo med dronningens stjerneskip. De kom gjennom blokaden, dog med skader, og kunne ikke nå sitt opprinnelige mål, senatet og Coruscant, og måtte innom den lille ørkenplaneten Tatooine, for å reparere en skadet hyperdrive.
3	Manufactured by the company Baktoid Combat Automata,[3] a B1 battle droid with a masculine personality served in the Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems. The droid fought during the Clone Wars, a conflict waged between the CIS and the Galactic Republic.[2] In about 21 BBY,[1] the battle droid was deployed during an engagement against the Republic on the planet Bogoa. Elsewhere in the galaxy, the Dark Lord Darth Sidious&#8212;[2] a Banite Sith who had plans to order the Republic's clone troopers to eliminate the Jedi Order as part of the Sith Grand Plan&#8212;[4] instructed his apprentice, the Confederate leader Count Dooku, to perform an experiment to test how well a droid could disregard its primary orders, because he considered droids to be similar in nature to clones. The battle droid was selected as Dooku's intended test subject, and on the second day of the struggle on Bogoa, the droid was sent into combat alongside ranks of other B1 battle droids, during a Confederate attack on the Republic's rearguard forces. However, as the droid advanced into battle, a voice whispered the words "Order 99" over the droid's comm unit, which triggered a shutdown of the droid's primary systems.[2]
1	Anakin Skywalker var en legendarisk Jedi Ridder i Jedi Ordenen, som var den Udvalgte. Gennem hans træning, blev han langsomt, men sikkert forført til den mørke side af Kraften, af hans mange humørskift, men mest efter indflydelse af Darth Sidious. Han tog titlen som "Dark Lord of the Sith," for bagefter at blive til Darth Vader før opbygningen af det Galaktiske Imperium.
3	Darth Sidious, a Force-sensitive human male, was the Dark Lord of the Sith and Galactic Emperor who ruled the galaxy from the fall of the Galactic Republic to the fragmentation of the Galactic Empire. Rising to power in the Galactic Senate as Senator Sheev Palpatine, he was elected to the office of Supreme Chancellor and, during the Clone Wars, accumulated wartime powers in the name of security. As the Emperor, he dropped the facade, no longer needing to cultivate two identities, and henceforth ruled as Darth Sidious in thought and action though he was known as Emperor Palpatine. His machinations brought an end to the last era of peace in galactic history, replaced a millennium of democracy with New Order fascism, and restored the Sith to power through the destruction of the Jedi Order.
3	Mandalore was determined to rescue the Krath warlord, and he sought Exar Kun's assistance to do it. However, the Dark Lord had previously warned Qel-Droma against a preemptive strike upon the galactic capital, and getting himself apprehended only validated Kun's prior notion. Nonetheless, he agreed to assist Mandalore, as Qel-Droma was still a vital factor in their cause. They boarded Kun's vessel, Starstorm One, and set out to rescue their beleaguered comrade from the clutches of the Galactic Republic.[1]
3	The Duel on Rhen Var was a lightsaber battle that took place in the year 3986 BBY between the former Sith Lord Ulic Qel-Droma and the Cathar Jedi Knight Sylvar. After tracking the self-exiled Qel-Droma to the ice planet Rhen Var with the help of a spacer named Hoggon, Sylvar confronted him and was determined to make him pay for all the lives lost in the Great Sith War, of which Qel-Droma was a chief instigator during his tenure with Dark Lord Exar Kun's Sith Brotherhood some ten years prior. Qel-Droma&#8212;who, while on Rhen Var, had since completed the Jedi training of Vima Sunrider, daughter of his former lover, Nomi&#8212;answered the challenge of his accuser, and the two engaged in lightsaber combat. However, Qel-Droma quickly realized that Sylvar was allowing her anger to drive her dangerously close to accepting the dark side of the Force, like he had once done. Unwilling to be the instrument of Sylvar's downfall, Qel-Droma deactivated his weapon and refused to fight any longer; Sylvar, a devout Jedi, was unable to attack an unarmed opponent, thus forcing her to disengage him and accept the truth of where her emotions had led her. Ulic Qel-Droma, the object of Sylvar's rage, was the same individual to redeem her and free her of the hatred she held on to for so long.
3	The Force was an energy field that connected everything in the universe, and was known by a variety of names throughout galactic history. It was called the Ashla by the Lasats, It by the dianoga Omi, the Life Current by the Mustafarians, the Sight by the Chiss, and the Life Wind by the Zeffo. The Force was created by life, and therefore, resided in all lifeforms. It was especially powerful in a select group of individuals who were born with a high concentration of midi-chlorians&#8212;microscopic, sentient lifeforms that shared a symbiotic relationship with the Force&#8212;in their blood. These people were deemed Force-sensitive, making them capable of harnessing the various powers of the Force. Unlike organic beings, droids and other artificial constructs existed outside of the Force. As such, they possessed no connection to the energy field that was created and sustained by life. Apart from its scientific aspect, the Force was the basis of various religious organizations such as the Church of the Force, the Guardians of the Whills, and most notably the Jedi Order and the Sith Order. In addition, the Lasats believed that the Force was the "spirit" of the galaxy.
2	Mester Yodas skip er nesten framme ved Rugosa da det blir angrepet av to Separatist-kryssere. Mester Yoda og  klonetroppene han reiser med, må dra i romningskapslene og greier så vidt å slippe unna. Samtidig står visekongen av Toydaria og venter på Yoda. Da kommer Asajj Ventress og tilbyr kongen bedre beskyttelse enn jediene kan gi ham. Det hele ender med at  Ventress vil ha en "konkurranse". Hvis hun og hæren hennes greier å drepe Yoda, blir Toydarianerene med i Separatistalliansen, men hvis Yoda vinner blir de med i Republikken. Yoda tar imot tilbudet.
3	After the Fulminatrix exits hyperspace, one of General Hux's officers reports that a single fighter is flying to confront them. Together with his BB-series astromech droid, BB-8, Poe Dameron confronts the Fulminatrix in his X-wing Black One. General Leia Organa, now widowed by the murder of Han Solo at the hands of their own son Ben, alias Kylo Ren, cautiously approves Poe's reckless plan. Over the intercom, Poe taunts Hux and pretends to ignore his threat to wipe out the Resistance. However, this verbal exchange turns out to be a ruse for Poe to power up his X-wing's cannons for an assault on the Dreadnought.
1	Sammenlignet med Star Wars 'eneste ikoniske kvindelige karakter, Prinsesse Leia , Zahn sagde: "Mara har en skarpere og mere sarkastisk måde, og selvfølgelig havde hun til at gå igennem den smertefulde erkendelse af, at hendes tjeneste havde været til en ond årsag. Men de 're begge kvinder, der er stærk uden at ofre deres kvindelighed, en balance, som jeg tror nogle forfattere har svært ved at skrive. Husk også, at Leia var en af ​​de første mennesker i Den Nye Republik, som besluttede Mara kunne have tillid til, hvilket måske siger noget om deres forståelse af hinanden. " [3]
3	There is no set topic in #wookieepedia. While mainly meant for Wookieepedia-related discussion, we also discuss a wide range of other topics. Off-topic chit-chat is allowed except during official functions, such as Mofferences.
3	In the fifth year before the Battle of Yavin[3] a group of rebels operated on and around the Outer Rim planet of Lothal, striking out against the Galactic Empire. Occasionally, in order to fund their operations and maintain their starship, the Ghost, the rebels took jobs from the Devaronian crime lord Cikatro Vizago,[1] leader of the criminal gang known as the Broken Horn Syndicate on Lothal.[4] The rebels, not content to operate just on one planet, used information provided by Vizago to rendezvous with a ship they were told carried potential allies for their fight against the Empire. The ship, which they discovered to be a Wookiee gunship, had been raided by Trandoshan slavers before the Ghost arrived, and the Wookiees were taken as slaves by the Empire. Vizago told the rebels that he would look into what happened to the Wookiees, and, in the meantime, he provided them with another job: to steal Imperial supply crates in Capital City.[2] The crates contained blasters, which Vizago wanted, but also contained food that could be given to refugees in Tarkintown, a small settlement made out of citizens who had been displaced by Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin, Governor of the Outer Rim Territories.[1]
3	Upon reaching the moon's surface, Thire, the highest-ranking clone present, made contact via hologram with Katuunko for Yoda and discovered that Separatist agent Asajj Ventress had already reached the king with an offer of allegiance from Count Dooku, leader of the Confederacy. A deal was struck between the three parties where if Yoda and the clone troopers could evade capture by Ventress's forces and reach Katuunko, Toydaria would join the Republic&#8212;otherwise, the Separatists would have their allegiance. Once the discussion was over, Rys spotted a landing craft delivering the Separatist troops they were to face, and Yoda gave orders for the clones to only carry what they needed to avoid being slowed down. He then led them on an indirect route toward the meeting place, hoping to avoid encountering the battle droids located between them and their objective.[2]
3	Star Wars Battlefront II, Queen's Shadow, The Starfighter Stunt, Age of Republic - Anakin Skywalker 1, Thrawn: Alliances, So Much More, Trouble Again, From a Certain Point of View, The Weapon of a Jedi: A Luke Skywalker Adventure, Star Wars Annual 4, Star Wars Book II: Showdown on the Smuggler's Moon, Star Wars: Vader Down, Star Wars Book IV: Rebel Jail, Star Wars Book V: The Last Flight of the Harbinger, Droid Dilemma, Star Wars 26, Star Wars 35, Star Wars 36, Star Wars 37, Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars Book XII: The Escape, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, A Matter Of Perception,  Star Wars: Forces of Destiny &#8211; "Beasts of Echo Base", The Path Ahead, Star Wars 1, Moving Target: A Princess Leia Adventure, Bounty Hunted, Hare-Brained Heist The Legends of Luke Skywalker, Age of Resistance - Rey 1, &#160;""&#8212;Star Wars Adventures Ashcan, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Porg Problems, Porgs!, Poe Dameron 28, Resistance Reborn, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 2, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker
2	Hun så at de to var nykommere i den Nedre Byen og gav dem informasjon om byen, swoopgjengene, Davik Kang og Calo Nord. Hun beskrev Hidden Beks som en ærligere og mer folkelig gjeng enn Black Vulkars. Hun og wookieen forlot cantinaen for å søke nye eventyr i Underbyen. Mens de lette etter rømningskapslene ble Revan og Carth møtt av en meget oppskjørtet Mission som fortalte at slavehandlere hadde fanget Zaalbar. Hun gikk med på og vise Revan inngangen til Vulkarbasen mot at han hjalp henne med og befri wookieevennen.
2	Det at klonene vokste dobbelt så raskt som normalt, betydde at de fikk halvparten så lang tid på å fordøye informasjon. Dette gjorde at læringsprogrammet deres fokuserte hovedsakelig på militærkunnskap, og at det ble mindre tid til akademiske fag.
3	In order to avoid detection while engaging in espionage, Xiono required an occupation that would serve as a cover for his spying activities. He therefore became a starship mechanic in Jarek Yeager's repair shop. Additionally, he supported Yeager's Team Fireball as a racer and stunt pilot. Before departing from Castilon, Dameron left his astromech droid BB-8 in Xiono's care, believing the droid could help Xiono realize his full potential as an asset for the Resistance. BB-8 was later replaced by CB-23, after Dameron was assigned a mission to Jakku.
1	Senere i sit liv blev Han en helt i den Nye Republik og deltog i mange slag mod Yuuzhan Vongerne. Efter han mistede Chewbacca og Anakin, voksede hans ønske om at beskytte sin familie, og han deltog også i kampene mod Dark Nest. Ved beyndelsen af Swarm Krigen blev Han farfar til Allana, den hemmelige datter af Jacen og Tenel Ka. Under Konfederation-Galaktiske Alliance Krigen i 40 ABY havde Han mistet sin tillid til den Galaktiske Alliance.
3	Erso was remembered fondly by the Rebel leader, Mon Mothma, who believed that she would have become an even more extraordinary person had she survived. Her sacrifice was not in vain, however. The Rebel Alliance used the plans to discover the flaw Galen built into the battle station, and the weapon was destroyed by Luke Skywalker during the Battle of Yavin, starting a chain reaction which would see the doom of the Empire.
1	Mens R2-D2 havde mange specielle værktøjer, tog han ofte initiativ og brugte uortodokse metoder til at hjælpe sin venner. Dette kan muligvis skyldes, at han så vidt det vides, aldrig fik en memory wipe, hvilket gjorde at han udviklede kreativitet og personlighed.
2	Som en ung Padawan var Batila til stede da Malak, på vegne av sin beste venn og mentor Revan, leverte en oppildnende tale om og gå imot Jedirådet og gå imot Mandalorierne som hadde begynt sin invasjon. Selv om Bastila nektet å bli med Revans økende opprørsgruppe, var hun til stede, som mange andre Jedier, blant dem var også det fremtidige Jedieksilet, som villig underkastet seg Malak og Revan og deres kamp for og stoppe Mandalorierne mens de slaket millioner mens Jediordenen stod på sidelinjen og så på. Senere, da de samme Jediene kom tilbake som Sither under den Sivile Jedikrigen, ble hun en av de mest aktive supporterne av den gamle Jediordenen, i motsetning til det økende antallet av Jedier som ble med den nye Mørkets Herre, Revan.
3	Looking for something to do to improve Wookieepedia, but can't think of anything?  Looking for a few small, quick improvements to make while you plan your next big project?  Here are some suggestions.
3	Emarr Ottkreg was a male colonel from Pondakree who served as a loyalty officer and agent of the Galactic Empire's Imperial Security Bureau,[1] a subdivision of the Commission for the Preservation of the New Order.[3] Much to the disgust of Admiral Rae Sloane, Ottkreg was assigned to the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Vigilance shortly before the Battle of Endor during the Galactic Civil War against the Alliance to Restore the Republic. Unsure if Ottkreg's placement was the result of Galactic Emperor Palpatine's presence aboard the Death Star II battle station&#8212;currently under construction in orbit around the moon of Endor&#8212;or paranoia within the ISB, Sloane assigned her executive officer, Nymos Lyle, to assist Ottkreg, trusting that he would also keep the agent well away from her.[1]
3	In 3976 BBY, the Mandalorian warrior clans, led by their chief Mandalore the Ultimate, began conquering unaligned worlds on the Outer Rim. After their crusades drew no action from the Galactic Republic, the Mandalorians began to lean towards the Core, threatening resource worlds near the ecumenopolis of Taris. The Republic finally responded, sending Republic Navy forces out to the front lines to stand against the Mandalorian Neo-Crusaders.[1] True war finally broke out in 3964 BBY, with the Mandalorians launching a three-pronged offensive aimed at seizing Taris[9]&#8212;the Mandalorians had little trouble conquering worlds like Vanquo, and besieged and occupied Taris. From there, the Mandalorians began to advance inwards. In 3963 BBY, the Mandalorians, moving from their stronghold of Jebble, set their sights on the planet Serroco, in the Expansion Region's[1] Ploo sector.[10] Serroco, a rainy, muddy world prone to violent storms, was the homeworld of the Stereb species&#8212;and, by 3963 BBY, a full member of the Galactic Republic.[4] The Republic saw the Mandalorian advance on Serroco coming, and Admiral Saul Karath of the Republic Navy assembled[3] what he called Battle Group Serroco[5] to defend the planet.[3]
3	Following the Battle of Endor, C-3PO continued serving the Skywalkers and Han Solo during the time of the New Republic. About thirty years after the events on Endor, C-3PO was still an aide to Leia Organa, who had become a General in the Resistance, a private military group opposed to the First Order, a military junta that emulated the Old Empire. By that time, C-3PO's language database had been updated so that he could understand and communicate in over seven million different forms of communication, including ancient Sith dialects.
3	To upload a picture, go to the toolbox section on your screen. It should be on the left hand side, right under the "search" bar. Click the hyperlink for "Upload file." Once there, use the "browse" button and select your file. Type in what you want to call the picture. For example "GeorgeLucas.jpg" Fill in the licensing and the source information and press upload.
3	Born over a millennium before the conflict between the First Order and the Resistance, Maz Kanata was a Force-sensitive female who learned to live and thrive in the criminal underworld of the galaxy.[3] Living on her homeworld,[1] the planet Takodana, Kanata resided in a lakeside castle which was home to the ancient protocol droid ME-8D9, nicknamed "Emmie."[7] The castle was a battleground between ancient Jedi and Sith,[8] and with time, Emmie was rumored to have started out with the Jedi Order.[9] Relatively late during Kanata's stay on Takodana, she married, and her husband gifted her a statue in her image. The statue remained at the castle until the time of the First Order–Resistance conflict, although the marriage did not last.[8]
2	Mester Ploo Koon må få en gruppe kloner til å ha troen på å overleve etter at krysserene deres er ødelagt av general Grievous nye flaggskip, Malevolence.
3	The series was created by George Lucas, who, as the writer and director of A New Hope and the entire prequel trilogy, has written and directed more films in the Skywalker saga than any other person. Other saga film directors include Irvin Kershner, Richard Marquand, J.J. Abrams, and Rian Johnson. Leigh Brackett, Lawrence Kasdan, Michael Arndt, Abrams, Johnson, and Chris Terrio have all been writers on the films. Gary Kurtz and Howard G. Kazanjian produced the original trilogy, Rick McCallum produced the prequel trilogy, and Kathleen Kennedy is producing the sequel trilogy.
3	After being abandoned by the Partisans, Erso spent several years on her own, committing a number of crimes in order to survive in a dangerous galaxy. In 0 BBY, she was recruited by the Rebel Alliance to find Gerrera on Jedha, where he had information about Galen and the Death Star project. She found a holographic recording of her father who confirmed the existence of the Death Star and that the plans kept on Scarif would reveal a fatal weakness he planted in its design. She attempted to save her father on Eadu, but he was killed. With little support from the Rebel Alliance, Jyn and Captain Cassian Andor led a squad, Rogue One, to Scarif where they stole the plans from the Imperial security complex. She transmitted the plans to the Alliance Fleet that arrived in orbit, but the Death Star soon fired on Scarif in an attempt to eliminate the Rebel threat. Erso and Andor were the last surviving members of their squad, and they died when the blast reached the complex.
3	According to Filoni and Gilroy, while Lucas gave them creative freedom for most of the series, there were several characters and locations that were off-limits. In respect to the characters, Lucas asked not to use Han Solo, Chewbacca, Boba Fett and Jabba Desilijic Tiure when Gilroy was writing the show bible, but by the time of the next meeting, Lucas had changed his mind about the latter two characters. In respect to the locations, Lucas asked Gilroy and Filoni to not explore the planets seen in the films, with the exception of Coruscant. But as with the character restrictions, he eventually changed his mind.[65]
3	Realizing that Shan had not been captured or killed in the destruction of the Endar Spire, Malak ordered an immediate conquest of the planet, instituting a massive blockade in order to prevent all space travel to and from Taris. Shan, however, had been captured by a swoop gang known as the Black Vulkars, which were based in the decaying Lower City. The group offered Shan up as the prize for the winner of the Tarisian Season Opener swoop race, the key event of the Galactic Swoop Racing Circuit. Revan and Onasi, with the assistance of the Twi'lek Mission Vao and her Wookiee companion Zaalbar, eventually won the favor of a rival swoop gang, the Hidden Beks, led by Gadon Thek, by returning a stolen prototype accelerator. As a condition of their agreement, Thek agreed to sponsor Revan for the race under the Bek banner. After Revan successfully beat the times of all other opponents, Brejik, the leader of the Vulkars, retracted the prize, accusing the Beks of cheating by using the accelerator that the Vulkars had stolen. After freeing herself from Vulkar captivity, Shan intervened in the brief fight that followed, which ended in the gang leader's death.[1]
3	C-3PO, sometimes spelled See-Threepio and often referred to simply as Threepio, was a 3PO unit protocol droid designed to interact with organics, programmed primarily for etiquette and protocol. He was fluent in over six million forms of communication, and developed a fussy and worry-prone personality throughout his many decades of operation. Along with his counterpart, the astromech droid R2-D2, C-3PO constantly found himself directly involved in pivotal moments of galactic history, and aided in saving the galaxy on many occasions.
3	Krennic grew to become a member of the Republic's Strategic Advisory Cell, and, despite publicly still being represented as a member of the Corps of Engineers, only those within the cell were aware of Krennic's involvement as a member of the top-secret Republic Special Weapons Group. As part of this group, Krennic returned to studying, particularly in regards to the weapons Rothana, Kuat and others had built for the Grand Army, and Baktoid, Hoersch-Kessel Drive and others were engineering for the Separatists.[3]
2	(57 f.s.Y. - 0 f.s.Y.) Den legendariske jediridderen Obi-Wan Kenobi trente både far og sønn Skywalker, kjempet under Klonekrigen som general og gjorde det på mange måter mulig for Luke Skywalker å nedkjempe Imperiet.
3	Three years after the Battle of Geonosis and onset of the Clone Wars, the noble Jedi Knights have been leading a massive clone army into a galaxy-wide battle against the Confederacy of Independent Systems. The Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic reveals his true nature as a Sith Lord as he unveils a plot to rule the galaxy by transforming the Republic into a Galactic Empire. Jedi hero Anakin Skywalker is seduced by the dark side of the Force to become Darth Sidious's new apprentice Darth Vader. The Jedi are all but eliminated with Obi-Wan Kenobi and Jedi Master Yoda forced into hiding. The only hope for the galaxy is Anakin's own offspring&#8212;the twin children born in secrecy who will grow up to become Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa.
3	During the subsequent evacuation of D'Qar, Dameron disobeyed orders and led an attack on the First Order Dreadnought Fulminatrix, but his reckless actions caused him to be demoted from Wing Commander to captain. As the First Order pursued the Resistance by tracking them through hyperspace to the Crait system, Dameron did not approve of the passive strategy of Vice Admiral Amilyn Holdo and worked with Finn and mechanic Rose Tico to break into Supreme Leader Snoke's flagship, the Supremacy, and disable the First Order's hyperspace tracker before eventually staging a mutiny against Admiral Holdo in an effort to buy Finn and Rose time.
3	Do not capitalize second and subsequent words unless the title is a proper noun (such as a name) or is otherwise always capitalized (example: Han Solo, but Video game).
3	Five years before the Battle of Yavin, a group of rebels carried out operations against the Galactic Empire on the Outer Rim planet of Lothal. One mission was contracted by crime lord Cikatro Vizago, who commissioned the rebels to mount a heist to steal blasters from the Empire. The operation was carried out in Capital City, where the rebels attempted to steal the blasters. They were interrupted, however, by a street orphan named Ezra Bridger, who stole one of the sets of crates. This led to a chase throughout the city, with the rebels attempting to outrun the Empire, and Bridger attempting to outrun both. Their chase made its way out of the city, and the rebels fought off stormtroopers and TIE fighters as they fled. Bridger eventually got away from the rebels, but was saved by their ship, the Ghost, which shot down an approaching TIE fighter. Kanan Jarrus, the leader of the rebels, offered Bridger a chance to escape as more fighters approached, and Bridger leapt onto the ship with his crate.
3	In an effort to capture the Jedi Padawan Bastila Shan, whose mastery of battle meditation had served the Galactic Republic well in its fight against the Sith Empire, Darth Malak had tracked her as she journeyed to the Outer Rim world of Taris aboard the Hammerhead-class cruiser Endar Spire. With his fleet waiting in orbit around the planet to trap her vessel, Malak ordered a large number of Sith fighters from his flagship, the Interdictor-class cruiser Leviathan, to attack the ship as it was dragged out of hyperspace, before boarding the captured ship. During the battle that followed, Shan managed to board an escape pod, which crashed into the Undercity of the planet. Captain Carth Onasi, a veteran of the Mandalorian Wars and a decorated war hero, and the recently mind-wiped former Dark Lord of the Sith Revan, were also aboard the doomed vessel at the time; after fending off or bypassing a number of Sith troopers and Dark Jedi who were part of the boarding party, the two met up on the starboard side of the ship and used the last escape pod to reach the Upper City of Taris moments before the Endar Spire was destroyed. After landing, Onasi pulled the unconscious Revan from the pod and, dragging him through the crowd of Upper City residents who had arrived to investigate, reached safety in an abandoned apartment.[1]
1	Efter landing på planetens overflade, Obi-Wan Jeg leder efter sin herre. Mens vader gennem sumpe, lejlighedsvis støder drodiów bekæmpe patruljer. Under rejsen møder han en repræsentant for den lokale race,  Gunagina,  Jar Jar Binks. Jar Jar sagde, at Jedi vil komme til sin mentor. Efter nogen tid, de formår at nå Qui-Gon Jinn. Så de er enige, at de vil gå til den undersøiske Gungan byen,  OTOH Gungi. Der er guidede foran ansigtet af en lineal,  Bossa Nassa. Dette fejrer dem, men giver Bongo som en transport til hovedstaden af ​​planeten, Theede. Jedi dog brug for en navigator og beslutte Jar Jar løsladelse fra fængslet, hvor han blev lukket ned for at bryde loven for at vende tilbage til byen.
3	Chronologically, the story begins with Anakin Skywalker, the Chosen One of Jedi prophecy, as the prequel trilogy charts his rise as a Jedi Knight through his fall to the dark side of the Force and becoming Darth Vader. The original trilogy tells the story of Anakin's children, Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa, as they lead the fight against the Galactic Empire and as Luke saves Anakin from the dark side and becomes a Jedi in his own right. The sequel trilogy focuses on Rey, a Force prodigy of unknown lineage who is swept up into a new galactic conflict and faces off against Anakin's fallen grandson, Kylo Ren, while becoming the first of a new generation of Jedi.
2	Det han fant ut var virkelig ille. En klonehær hadde blitt laget for Republikken i all hemmelighet. Dette hadde rådet visst ingenting om, og ble en kilde til enda mer bekymring. Videre etterforskning viste at separatistene ville ha krig, og at de hadde en stor droidehær. Det var og hans tidligere elev grev Dooku som ledet bevegelsen.
2	Qui-Gon sanset guttens store potensial i Kraften. På grunn av dette befridde jedien Anakin, i motsetning til Shmi, som han ikke klarte å befri samtidig. Under forvellet lovet Anakin å vende tilbake til Tatooine for å befri henne. Men jediene forlater sitt gamle liv ved å bli med i ordenen, derfor skulle det ta tid før Anakin returnerte.
2	Før separatistenes leder og tidligere jedi grev Dooku rakk å flykte forsøkte Anakin og Obi-Wan å ta ham. Anakin mistet sin høyre hånd i forsøket. Obi-Wan ble også skadet. Yoda kom dem imidlertid til unnsetning, men han måtte slippe Dooku.
3	During this era of peace, heightening political tensions arose within the Republic a decade before the Clone Wars, such as when a group of usurpers on the planet Halcyon became discontent with the world's membership and wanted their world to be able to manage its own affairs. They kidnapped several members of Halcyon's planetary leadership and held them in a remote fortress where they prepared for assault while attempting negotiation with their hostages. Internal negotiations failed and led the Senate to eventually authorize the Jedi Order to intervene on Halcyon as mediators and enforcers if necessary.[10]
1	I 1999, medvirkede Park i Star Wars Episode I: Den usynlige fjende, som Sithfyrsten Darth Maul. Da karakteren havde nogle få replikker, blev Parks stemme eftersynkroniseret af skuespilleren Peter Serafinowicz.
2	På fartøyet sitter det både laserkanoner, prosjektilutskytere, ionekanoner og annet, samt et avansert og sofistikert anti-oppdagelsessystem, som gjorde at de fleste av Boba og Jangos ofre aldri oppdaget dem før det var for sent.
3	As a general rule, Wookieepedia recommends reserving scroll boxes for reference lists to articles that employ no less than forty to fifty individual references. However, this is by no means a hard figure, and final decisions for the use of scroll boxes should be determined by what best suits each individual article.
3	The reinvigorated Jarrus and his fellow rebels would continue fighting various adversaries including Imperial Grand Admiral Thrawn and Maul, who sought to corrupt Bridger and destroy Obi-Wan Kenobi, the key to destroying the Sith. Regaining his confidence, Jarrus also taught the Mandalorian rebel Sabine Wren how to wield the Darksaber and helped her to rally the Mandalorians over to the rebel cause. As the Rebel Alliance escalated its struggle with the Empire, Kanan and his fellow rebels returned to free Lothal, a world which they had a special connection with.
3	As Ottkreg keenly watched the destruction of the rebel forces on the holotank, Sloane realized that the fulcrum of the battle would be the fighting occurring on the moon below, where the Death Star's shield generator was located, and had her crew try and find out what was happening. When she received conflicting reports, Sloane ordered Lieutenant Habbel to personally contact the bunker for a situation report. This earned a contemptuous glance from Ottkreg, who then returned to the holotank to view more rebel deaths. He was forced to step back from the projection to refocus after Sloane had it changed to an image of the shield bunker, which had just been destroyed. The holotank was quickly changed back to the full view of the battle, causing Ottkreg to splutter indignation when he saw that the rebel starfighters were entering the now-unshielded Death Star superstructure.[1]
3	Having secured the trust of the Rift Alliance, the Barsen'thor participated in the fight against the Children of the Emperor, unwitting Imperial agents who had infiltrated deep within the ranks of the Republic, their presence masked by the power of the mysterious First Son. In the meantime, a second Galactic War began between the Republic and the Empire. During the Battle of Corellia, the Consular discovered that the First Son was in fact a sleeper persona implanted inside Jedi Master Syo Bakarn, who had been guiding the Barsen'thor since the latter's departure from Tython. The Barsen'thor eventually confronted the First Son in the caves below Corellia's Coronet City, defeating him and successfully bringing back Bakarn's personality. Doing so removed the First Son's shroud over the other Children, revealing them to the rest of the galaxy. With the Empire having been dealt a major blow, the Barsen'thor and his many allies were celebrated as heroes on the galactic capital of Coruscant.
3	As with other Rakatan technology, the Star Maps were imbued with the power of the dark side of the Force. Each Map had different means of activation, though all of them were only able to be activated by those who were strong in the Force. Even those so empowered were forced to overcome the protective measures assigned to some of the Maps. For example, the Maps on Dantooine and Kashyyyk were protected by defense droids and computer systems, which mentally and physically tested those who sought their secrets. Those who were deemed unworthy would be purged as "false," and overpowered by these defense systems, with the end result often being death.[1]
1	Infinite Empire, den først kendte regering i Galaksen, blev dannet af Rakataerne, en videnskabelig avanceret race, der brugte deres viden til at erobre og gøre andre racer til deres slaver.
3	A dark warrior with a mysterious past, the man who became known as the "Jedi Killer" was born on the planet Chandrila in 5 ABY, when the New Republic defeated the Galactic Empire. The son of General Han Solo and Princess Leia Organa, Solo learned the ways of the Force from his uncle, Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. After the destruction of the new generation of Jedi, Solo renounced his family and assumed the identity of Kylo Ren, becoming a First Order warlord and the apprentice of Supreme Leader Snoke. During his descent into darkness, Ren ordered the massacre of civilians and murdered of his own father, but the act of patricide failed to end his inner turmoil. Believing he was destined to rule the galaxy, Ren assassinated Snoke and usurped the position of Supreme Leader, seizing both military and political control of the First Order.
1	Star Destroyers der bar den karakteristiske dolk-formet som blev associaseret til denne skibstype, blev brugt af Republikkens Flåde i tiden omkring Klon Krigene. De to mest berømte designs, på den tid, var Victory I- og Venator-klasseerne, født ud af succes-skibet Acclamator-class assault ship.[15][1] Senere blev Star Destroyers som Imperial- og Tector-klasseern berømte for deres service for den Imperiske Flåde.[1] Andre dolk-formede skibe som Immobilizer 418 cruiser, blev beskrevet som lignende små versioner af Star Destroyer.[16]
3	Ben Solo was a Force-sensitive human male who, after falling to the dark side of the Force, eventually renounced his adopted persona of Kylo Ren and was redeemed. At the height of his power, Ren reigned over the galaxy as Supreme Leader of the First Order and commanded the loyalty of the Knights of Ren as the master of their order. The Force was strong with Ren; in addition to his Jedi training and knowledge of arcane dark side lore, the bloodline of the most powerful Jedi and Sith flowed through his veins. While his immersion in both sides' teachings and the desperation to escape his past transformed Ren into the embodiment of conflict, it was through discord that he derived power, using his emotions to channel anger into strength. Ultimately, Ren was determined to extinguish the light side within himself and destroy the last remnants of the Jedi Order, fulfilling the legacy of his grandfather, the Sith Lord Darth Vader.
3	MK-09 even assisted the Alliance directly on a number of missions. When the Alliance sought the capture of the Lambda shuttle Tydirium for use in future offensives, MK-09 flew alongside Ace in the Azzameen family's YT-1300 freighter Sabra as Ace delivered commandos to an Imperial base holding the shuttle. The droid also took part in the Alliance recapture of Azzameen Station from a mercenary group, and would even go on to serve alongside Ace&#8212;now a decorated pilot&#8212;as a gunner aboard the freighter Millennium Falcon during the pivotal Battle of Endor.
3	Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is a 2016 film directed by Gareth Edwards and produced by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy, amongst many others. The screenplay, written by Chris Weitz and Tony Gilroy, is based on a story by John Knoll and Gary Whitta. The film's score is composed by Michael Giacchino, marking the first live-action film in the Star Wars canon to not be scored by John Williams. It is the first film in the Star Wars Anthology Series.
3	The license Wookieepedia uses grants free access to our content in the same sense as free software is licensed freely. This principle is known as copyleft. That is to say, Wookieepedia content can be copied, modified, and redistributed so long as the new version grants the same freedoms to others and acknowledges the authors of the Wookieepedia article used (a direct link back to the article satisfies our author credit requirement). Wookieepedia articles therefore will remain free forever and can be used by anybody subject to certain restrictions, most of which serve to ensure that freedom.
3	Roodown had replacement aftermarket load-lifter arms installed. Unable to salvage again, he was instead allowed to work[2] for Plutt[3] around Niima, offering his services as a strong back to other scavengers[2] and completing other small jobs for half portions of food,[5] including occasional work as an enforcer.[4]
2	Hun var i besittelse av en naturlig Kraftevne kjent som [[Kampmeditasjon | kampmeditasjon]. En sjelden evne som økte moralen på de allierte i kamp mens den reduserte fiendenes vilje til og sloss. Denne evnen ville komme til og gjøre Bastila uvurderlig for Republikken i deres planer om og overvinne Sithimperiet under den Sivile Jedikrigen.
3	With Alderaan's naval defenses far from their charge, the forces of the Empire invaded the world in a swift and savage assault.[10] Prior to landing their vessels, the Empire initiated a heavy orbital bombardment of the world, which decimated a number of townships and filled much of the atmosphere with ash and thick black smoke.[7] Darth Malgus himself led the incursion force, which consisted of several thousand assault droids, hundreds of fellow Sith,[10] large numbers of Imperial soldiers, and the Mandalorian bounty hunter and saboteur Shae Vizla.[2] The ground forces were joined by vessels of the Imperial Navy, including Mark VI Supremacy-class starfighters and Harrower-class dreadnoughts. Once his forces were on the planet, Malgus began a devastating campaign across the once-tranquil world. The Sith forces obliterated the local Alderaanian defense forces and continued on to burn entire cities to the ground.[6] Jedi Knight Aryn Leneer participated in the conflicts on the planet,[8] alongside Knights Satele Shan,[2] Warren Sedoru[9] and other Jedi defenders.[7]
3	Wookieepedia strives to be the Internet's foremost comprehensive resource for Star Wars canon information. To this end, Wookieepedia adheres to the canon doctrines set forth by Lucasfilm Ltd. and its subsidiaries. On April 25, 2014, Lucasfilm announced that all Expanded Universe material is now reorganized under the non-canon "Legends" banner to make way for the "new canon" to take place. The new canon began on screen with the Star Wars Rebels animated television series and in print with the novel A New Dawn. Under the direction of the Lucasfilm Story Group, all elements of Star Wars canon now operate in a unified and collaborative storytelling setting.
1	Ved slutningen af Jedi-Borgerkrigen faldt Juhani til den mørke side, men Revan reddet hende endnu engang ved at vende hende fra den mørke side. Herefter hjalp hun Revan med at lede efter The Star Forge. Hun var således en vigtig brik i, at den Galaktiske Republik kunne besejre Darth Malak og fik derfor Hæders-Korset for sin indsats i krigen.
2	Jedier gikk i enkle jeditunikaer, og brukte i stedet for laserpistoler lyssabler som våpen. Blant annet fordi en jedi hadde store krefter som kunne brukes til å tjene den mørke siden, fulgte jediene en streng jedikodeks som avlet disiplin. Den forbød lidenskap og tilknytninger, noe som førte til at jedier levde et enkelt og lite materialistisk liv, det ble forbudt å eie. Jediene søkte fred, kunnskap, ro og harmoni.
3	Before joining the Imperial Military, Thrawn served with the Defense Fleet of the Chiss Ascendancy. A native of the planet Csilla, located in the Unknown Regions of the galaxy, Thrawn left his homeworld and traveled to known space where he encountered the Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker during the Clone Wars. Following the Galactic Republic's reorganization into the Galactic Empire, Thrawn offered his allegiance to Emperor Palpatine, having deemed an alliance with the new regime beneficial to his people. With the help of Cadet Eli Vanto, Thrawn assimilated into galactic society, becoming fluent in Galactic Basic and ultimately graduating from the Royal Imperial Academy on Coruscant. His career in the Navy was notably successful; after a series of promotions, he received the rank of Grand Admiral from the Emperor himself.
1	General Grievous er en fiktiv karakter i Star Wars universet , en antagonist, som først dukkede op i Star Wars: Clone Wars (2003 TV-serie) . Han blev udtrykt af Matthew Wood . Ifølge Revenge of the Sith DVD , seriens skaber George Lucas instrueret hans kreative team for at skabe en skurk, der varslede Anakin Skywalker omdannelse til Darth Vader&#160;: den tunge vejrtrækning, den cyborg krop, og hans forførelse ind i en ondsindet fraktion.
2	Hornene var et trekk som deles av de mange Zabrak underart, som ble delt av en rekke fysiske egenskaper som avvek fra underarter til underarter. Disse kan omfatte ulike hudfarger (som inkluderte peachy hvit, ren hvit, gul, rød, tan, brun og svart), horn mønstre, hårvekst (selv om det bør bemerkes at Zabraks, i motsetning til mennesker, ikke kunne vokse øyevipper eller ansiktshår - Det var noen unntak, for eksempel Maris Brood og Bao-Dur, som hadde øyenbryn) og øyenfarge (som har visse pigmentations at mennesker mangler, slik som lilla, gult, rødt og oransje).
1	Grievous er portrætteret som øverstkommanderende for Konføderationen af Uafhængige Systems, en politisk fraktion af planetsystemer fører krig mod Galaktiske Republik . Uddannet i alle syv former for lyssværd kamp ved separatistisk leder og Sith Lord Grev Dooku , han er en hensynsløs og kraftfuld kriger viet til ødelæggelsen af Jedi , dræbte snesevis fra Padawans til Masters. Generalens handlinger hensynsløs aggression og høj Jedi Body Count ville få galaksen til at give ham tilnavnet 'The Knightslayer «. Under Klon Krigene, var han en af ​​de mest frygtede, hvis ikke den mest frygtede er i galaksen. Selvom den berygtede Jedi slayer var væsen i galaksen på det tidspunkt af Clone Wars, der havde dræbt den mest Jedi i tvekamp, ​​havde han ikke tøve med at flygte fra kampe, han vidste, at han ville tabe.
1	Efter Missionen til Myrkr og tabet af Coruscant flygtede Jedi Ridderen Jaina Solo, og de andre overlevende medlemmer af Myrkr Strike Teamet i den stjålne Vong frigat Ksstarr til Hapes der var hjem planet til jedi ridderen Tenel Ka.
1	To år inde i krigen gik Tesar, hans hatchmates, og Wild Knights ind i krigen. Tesar, Bela, og Krasov imponerede de andre Jedier med deres imponerende koordinering og taktikker gennem deres battle meld ved slaget om Froz.
3	Wookieepedia:Attribution, which is policy, mandates the provision of sources. Attribution is required for direct quotes, along with practically all other material. As Wookieepedia does not accept original ideas or fanon, all writing should be based on reliable sources, and therefore be referenced. Any material that is challenged and for which no source is provided may be removed by any editor. For information about the importance of using good sources in biographies of living persons, see Wikipedia:Biographies of living persons. However, it is typically Wookieepedia's policy to not include a full biography on this site. That is usually best left to sites like Wikipedia.
2	På Kubindi, hives den Kubaz bodde i underjordiske reir. Hver hive ble styrt av en dronning, etter hvem strukturen er oppkalt. Alle Kubaz i en bikube var etterkommere av dronningen.
3	Remember to be critical of your sources. We generally only want pictures from official Star Wars sources, not from places such as Google. Do not upload fan art or fanon unless it is only for use on a userpage.
2	Kansler Palpatine, som nå hadde fått krisefullmakter, beordret jediene og klonene til Geonosis for å utkjempe det første slaget i Klonekrigen. Samtidig skulle jediene redde to jedier og en senator som hadde blitt fanget der.
3	To fulfill the above goals, the text contained in Wookieepedia is licensed to the public under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license, or CC-BY-SA. A human-readable summary of this license is available at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/.
1	Efter slaget om Hoth, overtog Antilles midlertidig ledelsen, men Luke var på Dagobah for at blive oplært som Jedi. Wedge ledte mange missioner, og hjalp med at få fat på planerne over Den Anden Dødsstjerne.
3	The film concerns the continuing struggles of the Rebel Alliance against the Galactic Empire. During the film, Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Princess Leia Organa are being pursued across space by Darth Vader and his elite forces. Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker begins his major Jedi training with Yoda, after an instruction from Obi-Wan Kenobi's spirit. In an emotional and near-fatal confrontation with Vader, Luke is presented with a horrific revelation and must face his destiny.
3	As a result of the incident, Malakili was made a slave[1] and, by 0 BBY,[8] was sold to Jabba Desilijic Tiure, a Hutt crime lord on the desert planet Tatooine.[1] Serving as a caretaker in Jabba's Palace, Malakili was responsible for tending to Jabba's menagerie of creatures, including the Hutt's prized[9] male rancor,[10] Pateesa,[4] who was named after the Huttese word for "friend."[10] Pateesa was purposed with eating prisoners, and Malakili would tend to the wounds he received doing so. During Malakili's time at Jabba's Palace, he became very fond of the rancor, and he, along with the Kadas'sa'Nikto Giran, considered Pateesa to be their favorite of Jabba's creatures. Pateesa also had a fondness for Malakili, and one day, when the beastmaster was attacked by Tusken Raiders, the rancor saved his life.[1] In Jabba's Palace, Malakili grew sympathetic toward Pateesa, and he planned to one day escape with the creature.[2]
3	The Heep took charge of running the mines and established a droid harem, where he kept a large supply of unassuming astromech droids, treating them to oil baths and other droid pleasantries before eventually draining their energy to recharge himself. Other captured droids were put to work in the mines, under supervision by the Heep's sludgegulper droids. Any droid that attempted to escape was used as scrap metal. Baobab was captured during the initial occupation, imprisoned, and forced to await the arrival of Screed. The merchant's droids, the R2-series astromech droid R2-D2 and the 3PO-series protocol droid C-3PO were also captured by sludgegulpers as they made their way to Biitu aboard the Baobab Merchant Fleet starship Argo Moon. While R2-D2 was sent to the droid harem, C-3PO was brought before the Heep with several other captured droids. The Heep was amused to learn of C-3PO's connection to Baobab and took delight in assigning the protocol droid to work in the mines.[2]
3	Cassian Jeron Andor, also known by the aliases Willix, Aach, Joreth Sward, and the title Fulcrum, was a human male soldier, pilot and Intelligence officer who served in the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars and then the Alliance to Restore the Republic during Operation Fracture and the Galactic Civil War. Andor joined a Rebel mission to steal the plans of the Death Star, a superweapon built by the Galactic Empire. Although the mission was a success, Andor perished along with the rest of Rogue One.
3	Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi, marketed as simply Return of the Jedi, is a 1983 film directed by Richard Marquand and written by Lawrence Kasdan and George Lucas from a story by Lucas. It is the sixth episode in the Star Wars Saga. Luke Skywalker and friends travel to Tatooine to rescue their friend Han Solo from the vile Jabba the Hutt. The Empire prepares to crush the Rebellion with a more powerful Death Star, while the Rebel fleet mounts a massive attack on the space station. Luke Skywalker confronts his father, Darth Vader, in a final climactic duel before the evil Emperor.
1	Ysanne Isard var en agent og senere Leder af Imperiets Efterretningstjeneste; en nådesløs og snu kvinde der gjorde sig fortjent til navnet "Iceheart", et ordspil på hendes efternavn. Hun havde et rødt og et blåt øje. Mærkeligt nok havde hun rangmærket fra en Moff.
3	At the height of his career, Grand Admiral Thrawn served as commanding officer of the Seventh Fleet, the flagship of which was the Imperial I-class Star Destroyer Chimaera. Deployed to the Lothal sector a few years prior to the start of the Galactic Civil War, Thrawn sought to defeat the rebels led by Captain Hera Syndulla. Following the Battle of Atollon, Thrawn's fleet worked with the First Legion led by the Sith Lord Darth Vader, whom Thrawn once knew as the Jedi Skywalker, during a mission that resulted in the rescue of Force-sensitive Chiss girls. Resuming his task to eliminate Syndulla's cell, Thrawn and his forces were confronted by the rebels who intended to liberate Lothal once and for all. During the battle, the purrgil came to the aid of Jedi Padawan Ezra Bridger and inflicted much damage to the Seventh Fleet. Thrawn himself was on the bridge of his command ship when the creatures surrounded the Chimaera and pulled it into hyperspace, taking both Thrawn and Bridger into the great unknown. In the years following Thrawn's disappearance, the Emperor and Vader were killed at the Battle of Endor, the Empire was decisively beaten at the Battle of Jakku, and the Alliance to Restore the Republic was reorganized into the New Republic. Thrawn's knowledge of the Unknown Regions proved useful to the Imperials that retreated from the known galaxy, however, as they were able to survive in unexplored space and eventually form the First Order.
1	En række af Imperiet fartøjer transporterede forsyninger til en nærliggende mine installation, da de uden at vide det krydsede en grænse til Amaniernes hellige slagmarker. Derfor, erklærede den lokale stamme en rituel krig mod Imperiets tropper.
3	The Mandalorian is a live-action Star Wars television series developed by Lucasfilm. The series takes place about five years after the events of Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi and airs exclusively on the new Disney+ streaming service beginning November 12, 2019. Jon Favreau is writing and executive-produces the series. Directors include Dave Filoni, Deborah Chow, Rick Famuyiwa, Bryce Dallas Howard, and Taika Waititi. Season 1 episodes debuted on Fridays at 08:01 UTC (3:01 AM EST), with the exception of the first and seventh episodes of that season.
3	The film debuted on May 25, 1983, and was released on VHS and LaserDisc in this form multiple times during the 1980s and '90s. The film was re-released with changes in 1997, and this version was later released on VHS and LaserDisc as well. The special edition arrived on DVD in 2004, but with further updates and changes to the 1997 versions. The original, unaltered version of the film was released as part of a DVD set in September 2006. The film was re-released in the Blu-ray format in September of 2011.
1	Den Nye Republik havde en meget kompleks og mangfoldig økonomi ligesom den Galaktiske Republik havde forinden. Det antages at statens øgede magt og centralisationen af de økonomiske procedurer under Imperiets æra blev ændret under Den Nye Republik.
3	Although it was ultimately broken by the naval forces of the Republic, the year-long[5] blockade of the Rimma Trade Route was a highly successful endeavor, particularly in conjunction with the Imperial victory in the Sluis sector. Additionally, it allowed for the Sith to gain an early advantage over the Jedi Order in the Empire's attempt to acquire the resource-rich Minos Cluster. The series of losses for the Republic forced government leaders and the Jedi High Council to organize an emergency defense summit in an attempt to organize and prioritize the galaxy's military resources. The meeting, held by the Galactic Senate, ended in political gridlock, as senators and other representatives refused to take part in deliberations if they felt that their constituent worlds were overlooked. While the political crisis continued in the highest echelons of the Republic government, the Empire moved onward to sweep the Outer Rim Territories in their widely successful war.[1]
1	Jacen viste sine ever evner med Kraften allerede allerede som 2-årig da han hjalp sin onkel og hans elever med at overvinde Exar Kuns ånd.  Han begyndte sin Jedi træning flere år senere på sin onkels Jedi Akademi på Yavin 4. Her var en af af de dygtigste elever og kom ud på mange eventyr med sine venner Lowbacca og Tenel Ka, og hans søster Jaina. Senere under Yuuzhan Vong Krigen, var han ikke enig i Jediernes traditionelle syn på Kraften, selvom han var en af de mest kraftfulde Riddere i den Nye Jedi Orden.
2	Samtidig løper klonene for livet fra super-kampdroidene. Yoda kommer til unnsetning og de greier å komme seg i dekning men det er for farlig å fyre av mot fienden. Da bruker Yoda kraften til å løfte en kampdroide opp i luften, snu den rundt og få den til å fyre av på allierte. Dette gir Yoda og  klonene den tiden de trenger til å komme seg i dekning.
3	Switch was a protocol droid with masculine programming who,[1] at some point prior to 17 BBY,[2] set himself up as an information broker and crime lord on Sel Zonn Station, an XQ2 Platform that orbited the planet Brentaal IV. He founded a criminal organization and assembled a group of Gamorrean thugs to work for him, as well as hiring a Twi'lek to serve as his majordomo, and engaging the services of the astromech droid R5-B8. Switch established a base of operations for himself in Deep Storage Bay V14, on a level of the station that had restricted access.[1]
3	In 3643 BBY,[4] during the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire, a young Jedi Knight was sent to the Republic capital of Coruscant by the Jedi Council.[5] The Knight, who was the former apprentice of Jedi Master Orgus Din, and the astromech droid T7-O1's tried to rescue the Doctor Eli Tarnis from members of the Black Sun criminal syndicate when the scientist was kidnapped from the Senate Building, and the pair learned that Tarnis had been taken to the gang's territory.[6]
2	Filmen starter med at Imperiets stjernedestroyere sender ut spionsonder for å lete etter opprøreralliansen. En av sondene kræsjlander på den arktiske planeten Hoth, hvor alliansen har en hemmelig base. Kræsjet blir oppdaget av Luke Skywalker, men før han får undersøkt hva det er blir han angrepet av en wampa og bragt til dens hule.
1	Rogue Squadron var en elite X-wing-eskadrille der blev skabt af Wedge Antilles og Luke Skywalker kort tid efter Slaget om Yavin. Den blev skabt af resterne af Red Squadron. Deres tjeneste under Den Nye Republik fortsatte helt frem til Yuuzhan Vong krigen. Efter Slaget om Endor overgik ledelsen af Rogue Squadron fra Luke Skywalker til Wedge Antilles. Under Yuuzhan Vong krigen blev eskadrillen ledet af Gavin Darklighter
1	Mens Luke Skywalker var det sidste håb for Jedierne og Han Solo var en naturlig leder, gik Wedge ind i den galaktiske historie som en "arbejder-klasse helt."
3	All out-of-universe articles on books, comics, etc. should generally be structured as follows. This list is typically more flexible than main articles.
2	Samtidig er Anakin og Obi-Wan i harde kamper mot  Separatistene på Christophsis. De har få tropper igjen og det eneste som greier å holde droidene tilbake er  Republikkens artillerikanoner. Republikken greier å presse fienden tilbake. Rett etter kommer det et alliert skip inn for landing. På vei bort for å motta skipet sier Obi-Wan til Anakin at han bør skaffe seg en Padawan-lærling. Anakin sier at det definitivt ikke passer ham. Obi-Wan minner ham om et å hjelpe å trene opp den neste generasjonen er en del av jedienes plikt. De kommer fram til skipet der de møter Ahsoka som gir dem beskjeden om at de må vende tilbake til jeditempelet umiddelbart. De minner henne om at de ikke har mulighet med Separatistene i nærheten. De prøver å kontakte jeditempelet via Admiral Yularens krysser. De får tak i Yoda som lover å sende forsterkninger, rett før signalet blir brutt. Admiral Yularens skip er under angrep og har mistet senderen. Rett etter dette får Anakin vite at Ahsoka er hans nye padawan. Dette ser ikke Anakin lyst på.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
1	Denne artikel omhandler Immobilizer 418 cruiseren, der også er kendt som "Interdictor-class Star Destroyer". Du leder måske efter Interdictor Star Destroyer.
3	Lotho Minor, also known as the Junk World, was a ruined planet in the Outer Rim Territories that was the homeworld of the mysterious Junker species. As one of the galaxy's dumping grounds, Lotho Minor's surface was covered with mountains of trash amassed over untold generations, which brought salvage operations to the planet in search of machinery that could still be repurposed.
3	Fueled by his hatred for Kenobi, Maul survived and reconstructed himself as a cyborg, although the experience of his defeat also drove him insane. He was presumed dead for over a decade until his brother, Savage Opress, found Maul and restabilized his mind with the help of Mother Talzin. By that time the Clone Wars raged across the galaxy, with the Jedi-led clone forces of the Republic battling the droid armies of the Confederacy of Independent Systems as intended by Maul's former Sith Master. Believing he had been cheated out of his place in galactic history, Maul embarked on a personal quest for revenge against Kenobi, whom he blamed for his fate. He also used the galactic conflict as an opportunity to form his own criminal empire, the Shadow Collective through various alliances which included the Pyke Syndicate, the Black Sun, and the Death Watch. Their combined resources enabled Maul to overthrow the New Mandalorians and install a puppet government on Mandalore. However, as his power and influence increased, Maul became a threat to Sidious' own plans for the future. The Dark Lord confronted Maul in person; after killing Opress, Sidious denounced his former apprentice as a Sith no longer due to the Rule of Two. Despite Maul's efforts to avenge his brother, he was defeated and overpowered by Sidious' command of the Force.
2	To måneder etter slaget om Geonosis invaderte Konføderasjonen Kamino. Da aktiverte statsminister av Kamino, Lama Su, ARC troppene som var lagret i klonigsfasilitetene i Tipoca By. Sammen med et team jedier klarte ARC å sende droidene i retrett.
1	Nautolanernes historie var præget af periodiske, korte konflikter med de ikke-amfibiske anselmiere, som stod på siden de opdagede hinanden næsten tusind år før Det Galaktiske Imperium. De fleste konflikter blev skabt ved at anselmiere trængte ind på nautolansk territorium, men fiskerettigheder, havkontingenternes udvikling og bortkastelse af affald var også grunde. Hver af konflikterne blev hurtigt løst af nautolanernes krigeriske overlegenhed, der kværnede anselmiernes aggressioner. Dog skulle Den Galaktiske Republik flere gange træde ind og løse konflikterne.
2	På ett av disse oppdragene hadde hun stjålet noen svært viktige planer over Dødsstjernen, som kunne brukes til å finne ut av dens svakheter. På samme oppdraget prøvde hun også å få med Obi-Wan Kenobi i opprørsalliansen. Da skipet hennes ble tatt av Darth Vader klarte hun å sette planene over Dødsstjernen inn i minnet på R2-D2, og hun beordret denne droiden til å finne Obi-Wan på Tatooine.
3	During the Galactic Civil War, Jarek Yeager served as a Rebel pilot in the Alliance to Restore the Republic, and later with the New Republic when he participated in the Battle of Jakku.[3] At the end of the battle, Yeager was photographed alongside his victorious X-wing squadron in front of the wreckage of a downed Star Destroyer.[6] During Yeager's service as a rebel pilot, he served as a commander.[5]
2	Han Solo (født 29 f.s.Y.) var en corellianer gift med Leia Organa Solo. Sammen hadde de tre barn: Jaina, Jacen og Anakin. Solo var opprinnelig smuggler, men ble etter hvert motvillig dratt inn i Opprørsalliansen, hvor han ble helt og general.
2	'Slave I's karakterisktiske form er lett å kjenne igjen, og skipet ble brukt av både far og sønn Fett, og begge var de blant tidenes beste dusørjegere. Selv om skipet er av en litt eldre modell, har diverse modifikasjoner gjort det til en av galaksens mest fryktede skip.
3	A new TV series was announced by Disney CEO Robert Iger during a Disney quarterly earnings call on November 9, 2017.[1] On May 10, 2018, in an interview with Anthony Carboni on the premier for Solo: A Star Wars Story, Jon Favreau revealed that he was halfway done with writing a season of the upcoming live-action Star Wars series.[19] As producer Kathleen Kennedy recalled: "I'd been talking to him, off and on, for a few years. He had this story, and suddenly the two of us realized, not only could this be told in the television space, but we could also push technology.”[20] During an interview with Dan Casey of Nerdist at the premiere, Favreau confirmed the show would take place seven years after the Battle of Yavin and feature all-new characters. Favreau also revealed that even before he had the job, he had written four scripts to show Lucasfilm what the show would be[21] and to ensure that his vision made it to the screen.[22] As Favreau later told GQ Middle East, "One thing [George Lucas] said to me was, 'remember, Jon, the real audience for all stories and all myths is the kids that are coming of age', because he's really a Joseph Campbell adherent."[23] He also made a conscious effort to appeal to all types of Star Wars fans, telling Entertainmemnt Weekly: "Part of what's fun is to see if we could merge the worlds of the original trilogy, the prequels, the sequels, The Clone Wars, and what's been considered canon up to this point and what's been considered part of Legends."[24]
1	Jar Jar vises i kun et par scener i Revenge of the Sith . [2] Han er mest fremtrædende featured i Padmé Amidala begravelse procession i slutningen af filmen.
1	Danni var datter af en astrofysiks mor og en bureaukratisk far. Hendes forældre blev skilt da hun var et barn, og Danni valgte at blive med sin mor. Da Danni var 15 år forlod hun Kerne Planeterne. Hun sluttede sig til Extragalactic Society, og blev stationeret på Belkadan i 22 ABY.[1]
3	Though tolerated by the Republic, the galactic government regarded Organa and her followers as extremists that risked open warfare with the First Order&#8212;an outcome the Senate wished to avoid even as the Order disregarded the terms of the Galactic Concordance. Organa herself had been sidelined from the political process, her concerns about the Galactic Empire's successor dismissed as paranoid warmongering. Further isolated by the public revelation that the Sith Lord Darth Vader was, in fact, her biological father, Organa struck out on her own to oppose the First Order as founder of the Resistance. A period of hostility ensued between the two organizations characterized by various methods short of open warfare, such as espionage and propaganda. The Resistance also competed against the First Order during the search for the Jedi Master Luke Skywalker, who disappeared into self-imposed exile following his failed attempt to restore the Jedi Order.
3	The Bothan sector, which was home to the planet Bothawui and the Bothan people,[5] was a strategically important region; therefore, Bothawui itself was the focus of the Empire's Mid Rim foray. Although the attack on the planet was intended to be a surprise ambush, information regarding the assault was leaked and eventually came to the attention of the Republic Navy Admiral Greik. Greik moved quickly to set up a trap for the Imperial strike force by amassing the entirety of the Republic naval fleet above the world. Despite the risky nature of the maneuver, it ultimately paid off; the Imperials charged into Bothan Space, but quickly found themselves beset by all the vessels of the Republic Navy. The engagement ended in the complete destruction of the Imperial attack squadron. This first battle at Bothawui was also the first major victory for the Republic since the beginning of the war and provided a much-needed boost of morale for its defenders.[1][2]
1	Lucasfilm Ltd. og Lucas Licensing har lavet 7 udgivelsesæraer til Star Wars materiale. Disse æraer indeler Star Wars kronologien i forskellige perioder, med hvert sit navn.
2	Etter dette oppholdet reiste Obi-Wan og Qui-Gon tilbake til Naboo, hvor de havnet i lyssabelkamp med Darth Maul, sithen som hadde vist seg for Qui-Gon på Tatooine. Maul klarte å drepe Qui-Gon, men ble kort tid etter drept av Obi-Wan. Før Qui-Gon døde, rakk han å fortelle Obi-Wan at han måtte trene Anakin, Obi-Wan klarte ikke å si nei, og lovte Qui-Gon å gjøre dette - et løfte han holdt.
3	A stormy, desolate terrestrial planet[2] located in the Outer Rim Territories,[1] Lotho Minor had a surface covered with enormous mountains of trash piled over countless generations.[3] The gutted and rotting hulls of ancient starships poked through the more recent garbage, lending its landscape the eerie feel of an industrial graveyard. Foul-smelling fog limited visibility,[9] while huge pools of toxic sludge and periodic bursts of[3] deadly[10] acid rain made the[3] hot, caustic[9] planet's ruined ecosystem one of the most dangerous in the galaxy.[3] A mechanical debris field known as the Wreck Belt orbited Lotho Minor.[5]
3	Darth Bane was a legendary Dark Lord of the Sith[6] who lived during the dark age of the Old Republic,[7] a thousand years before the Clone Wars. In his time, the Sith were often fueled by their own individual lusts for power, with squabbling Sith turning against their own.[1] While serving in the Sith army, Bane realized that infighting and greed from other dark side warriors created a weakness.[6] The infighting eventually led to the defeat of their dark side order, as the Jedi Order was able to all but destroy the weakened Sith.[3] Bane was the sole survivor of the Jedi-Sith War.[2]
3	Krix[2] was a Trandoshan male big game hunter and pilot who was a member of a hunting guild led by fellow Trandoshan Garnac. The guild captured live sentient beings and dropped them off on the[1] moon of Wasskah,[3] where they were hunted for sport.[1]
1	Star Wars-galaksen er delt op i regioner og handelsruter. Mange af de planeter, man ser i Star Wars-filmene, befinder sig enten i nærheden af galaksens kerne eller i yderområderne af galaksen. De overordnede regioner hedder:
3	Meanwhile, the rest of the Brotherhood of Darkness had gathered on the planet Ruusan to engage in a final campaign against the Jedi's Army of Light. Githany, Bane's former mentor, experienced a Force premonition that involved Bane coming to Ruusan to destroy the entire Brotherhood. She informed the leader of the Sith, Kaan, of this, and together they conspired to bring Bane back into the fold, lest the events of her vision become reality. Githany knew through her Force bond with Bane that he had gone to Lehon; to this end, Kaan enlisted the Twi'lek Blademaster Kas'im to find Bane and speak with his former apprentice on Kaan's behalf. Kaan's instructions were clear; if Bane could not be swayed, then Kas'im was to kill him. The Twi'lek departed in a Sith Buzzard starfighter and made his way to the Unknown World.[2]
2	Etter dette tok han den tidligere jedien grev Dooku som sin elev, gav ham sithnavnet Darth Tyranus, og lot ham stifte en separatistbevegelse. Som planlagt kom det til krig mellom denne og Republikken, noe som gjorde at flere jedier ble drept, samt at stadig mer makt ble overført til Sidious, makt som etter hvert ble mer og mer diktatorisk av art.
1	Lige før slutningen af Thrawn Krisen blev Jacen og han søster, Jaina, født af Leia Organa Solo. Fordi Stor Admiral Thrawn havde lovet at fange Leia og tvillingerne mod til gengæld at få Joruus C'baoth's hjælp til krigen mod republikken, blev Jacen, Jaina, og deres mor målet for tre mislykkede kidnapnings forsøg af Thrawn's Noghri agenter. Efter tvillingernes fødsel, lige før Thrawn og C'baoth døde, lavede Imperiets agenter et sidste kidnapningsforsøg, men det mislykkedes også.[1]
3	Ord Radama was a planet in the Esstran sector of the Outer Rim Territories that the Galactic Republic had established as an Ordnance/Regional Depot for the Republic Military. During the Jedi Civil War, the world was allied with the Sith forces of Darth Revan and Darth Malak's Empire, but fell back into Republic control following the conclusion of the conflict.[5] However, in 3681 BBY, the revived Sith Empire spilled out of its hidden enclave in the nearby Stygian Caldera and began a campaign of conquest across the Outer Rim. In the early days of this Great Galactic War, the Empire focused on securing outlying Republic worlds and reconquering planets that had previously been holdings of older Sith regimes. These efforts were widely successful until the Battle of Bothawui in 3671 BBY, at which point the Empire was forced to reevaluate its efforts and postpone its plans to advance on the Republic's Core Worlds.[2]
2	Filmen starter med at de to jediene Obi-Wan Kenobi og Anakin Skywalker ankommer Slaget om Coruscant. De flyr inn i slaget og ankommer general Grievous skip hvor kansler Palpatine holdes fanget. Ombord på skipet møter de grev Dooku og kommer i duell med han. Obi-Wan blir slått bevisstløs, men Anakin klarer likevel å drepe Dooku. Etter at Anakin har reddet Palpatine og brakt Obi-Wan til bevissthet blir de fanget sammen med Anakins skipsrobot R2-D2 og brakt til kommandobroen hvor Grievous venter dem. Når de kommer dit klarer de å komme seg løs og overta kommandobroen, men Grievous unnslipper i tillegg til at han skyter ut alle redningskapslene. Anakin og Obi-Wan blir nødt til å føre skipet ned gjennom atmosfæren og styrter det på en flystripe på Coruscant.
1	Sienar Flåde Systemer var sammen med Kuat Drive Yards en af de mest betydningsfulde leverandører af militærskibe for det Galaktiske Imperium: hvorimod KDY var kendt for designet af de kæmpe store Star Destroyers, SFS var bedst kendt som leverandører af de små, dog dødelige TIE fighters. Men SFS lavede også den store I-a2b solar ionization reactor der lavede strøm til Imperial-class Star Destroyer og bestemte dermed størrelsen og design på dets mil-elange skrog. KDY byggede effektivt Imperial omkring en kæmpe Sienar drive systems.
3	Yoda, a Force-sensitive male being belonging to a mysterious species, was a legendary Jedi Master who witnessed the rise and fall of the Galactic Republic, followed by the rise of the Galactic Empire. Small in stature but revered for his wisdom and power, Yoda trained generations of Jedi, ultimately serving as the Grand Master of the Jedi Order. Having lived through nine centuries of galactic history, he played integral roles in the Clone Wars, the rebirth of the Jedi through Luke Skywalker, and unlocking the path to immortality.
2	Sithene var en gruppe kraftbrukere viet til den mørke siden - frykt, sinne, hat, egoisme - og en evig streben for makt. Sithene er blant de mest voldelige og destruktive, og de har til tider hersket over mesteparten av galaksen.
2	Mester Yoda er på vei til Rugosa for å forhandle om byggingen av en klonebase på Toydaria. Han blir imidlertidig angrepet av Separatistene og må sammen med tre kloner overleve angrepet.
2	Åpningsslaget i Klonekrigene, slaget om Geonosis, var en stor krig på Planeten Geonosis, som endte med seier for Republikken. Slaget oppstod på grunnlag at Obi-Wan Kenobi var tatt til fange. Slaget startet med at en mengde jedier inntok en arena der Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker, og Padme Amidala skulle henrettes. I denne første fasen av slaget holdt jediene på å tape, men Yoda kom til unnsetning med Republikkens klonehær, og reddet jediene. Senere i slaget, ble det en lyssabelduell mellom Grev Dooku og Obi-Wan, med Anakin Skywalker som alliert. På grunn av dårlig samarbeid, hold både Anakin og Obi-Wan på å bli drept, men Yoda kom til unnsettning. Yoda ble en for stor utfordring for Grev Dooku, som flyktet. Slaget endte med at droidehæren slo retrett.
3	In the meantime, Vizago gave the rebels another job: to steal crates full of blasters from the Empire in Capital City on Lothal.[5] They were able to successfully steal the weapons, as well as food for refugees on Lothal, but the blasters were then stolen by Ezra Bridger, a street orphan from Lothal. Three of the rebels&#8212;Kanan Jarrus, the leader of the rebels and a Jedi who survived the destruction of the Jedi Order; Sabine Wren, a Mandalorian explosives expert; and Garazeb Orrelios, a Lasat warrior&#8212;pursued Bridger in order to retrieve the supplies. They chased him out of the city while being pursued by Imperial stormtroopers and TIE/ln space superiority starfighters. Bridger managed to escape the rebels but was nearly pinned down by a TIE fighter before it was shot down by the Ghost, piloted by Syndulla. Jarrus allowed Bridger to escape aboard the Ghost, which made its way into space and fought off pursuing TIE fighters before making the jump into hyperspace.[1]
3	Thirty-two years before the events of Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope, there is trade dispute between the Trade Federation and the outlying systems of the Galactic Republic, which has led to a blockade of the small planet of Naboo. Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum, leader of the Galactic Senate, has secretly dispatched two Jedi, Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his Padawan, Obi-Wan Kenobi, to serve as "the ambassadors" to the Federation flagship, in order to meet with Viceroy Nute Gunray and resolve the dispute. Unknown to them, the Trade Federation is in league with the mysterious Darth Sidious, Dark Lord of the Sith, who secretly orders Gunray to invade Naboo and kill the two Jedi upon their arrival. When Gunray asked if it was illegal, Sidious implied that he would ensure that the invasion was made legal.
3	The Star Maps were constructed as monuments dedicated to honoring the expanse and might of the Rakatan Infinite Empire. As a result, the Maps contained information regarding planets and other key locations under the control of the Empire.[1] Most notably, the Maps pointed to the location of the Star Forge, a titanic space station that also served as a high-capacity manufacturing facility capable of turning out war matériel at an astonishing rate.[4] The Maps were also equipped with technology that allowed them to repair themselves if damaged. Even though the ancient Rakata attempted to destroy the information stored in the Maps, in order to prevent their former slaves from finding their homeworld and exacting revenge, these built-in repair mechanisms eventually repaired the structures and restored the data they held.[1]
3	The Galactic Empire (19 BBY&#8211;5 ABY), also known as the First Galactic Empire, the New Order, or simply the Empire, was the fascist galactic government that replaced the Galactic Republic in the aftermath of the Clone Wars.
1	I sammenligning med de frigatter og små krydsere kendt fra republikkens dage var Imperial-class skibene kæmpemæssige krigskibe,[9][6] men i den Kejserlige flåde var den en af Imperiets mindre fartøjer.[10] Mange Imperial-class skibe blev bygget, og det var det primære krigskib i det Galaktiske Imperium.[5] Alle kendte varianter var 1,600 meter lange (en mile) og havde tre store og fire små motorer der var i stand til at accelerere skibet med en styrke på flere tusinde g.
3	Having located the Planet Prison's heat signature in the ruins of the Jedi Temple, the Knight and Kira Carsen raced through the planet's industrial sector and fought their way through the Imperial-occupied Temple until they reached the Council chambers. There, in front of a live transmission to Tarnis' father Darth Angral and Angral's three Sith apprentices, the Knight and Carsen battled the traitorous Sith scientist and defeated him. Having watched the Knight cut down his son in front of him, Angral declared an unending war of vengeance upon the young Jedi and the Order as a whole, sparking the Desolator crisis. Using information Tarnis had transmitted to them, Angral's apprentices would seize control of the Republic's superweapon projects as part of their master's crusade against the killer of Tarnis, a conflict that would only end when the Knight defeated Angral aboard the warship Oppressor above Tython.
1	Jar Jar senere vises i filmens klimaks kamp scene, hvor han fører sine kolleger Gungans, som en general i Gungan hær, i at besejre Trade Federation . For hans boksning dygtighed, giver Padmé ham en ceremoniel medalje.
3	Shortly after LN-73's reactivation, the droids of Uffel ordered a halt in their production schedule to allow groups of tourists to visit the moon. The protocol droid LV-15 was appointed to escort one such group of visitors that included the Heroes of Cularin, a team of renowned freelance agents who operated in the system. As LV-15 led the tourists into X2-4, HG-211 dismissed the protocol droid and took over the escort of the tourist group. He led the agents to the office and played them a hologram of Gor Kolomo, a deceased Twi'lek under whose name the droids of Uffel conducted their business affairs, and the hologram hired the agents to investigate the recent acts of sabotage. HG-211 provided the agents with comlinks and translator units to assist with their investigations, and he introduced them to the IT-series droid IT-R9, which was to follow the agents around on behalf of the droids of the Uffel Research and Development facility, who sought to study the behavior of organic beings.[1]
3	Maul was a Force-sensitive Dathomirian Zabrak male and dark-side warrior who served as the apprentice Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Maul during the final years of the Galactic Republic and reigned as a crime lord during the rule of the Galactic Empire. The son of Mother Talzin of the Nightsisters, he was taken at a young age by the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Sidious, who anointed him his first Sith apprentice, Darth Maul. Through his training, Maul grew strong in the dark side of the Force, becoming an expert lightsaber duelist and assassin who yearned to reveal the Sith's continued survival to the Jedi Order. During the crisis on Naboo in 32 BBY, Maul confronted Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi. Although he succeeded in killing the former, Maul was defeated and maimed by Jinn's apprentice, who left the Sith Lord for dead. As a result of Maul's defeat and apparent death, Sidious replaced him with Count Dooku, Jinn's Jedi mentor who adopted the Sith persona of Darth Tyranus.
2	Men hvis du f.eks. skal legge en artikkel om et slag (eksempel:Slaget på Hoth) i kategorien Slag i den galaktiske sivilkrigen, bør du heller skrive slik:
1	Efter slaget blev Red Squadron omformet, og fungerede som to grupper. Den første var Renegade Gruppen under Commandør  Narra. Den anden var Rogue Gruppen under Luke Skywalker. Kernen af Rogue Gruppen bestod af Luke Skywalker, Wedge Antilles, Zev Senesca, Wes Janson, og senere The Pebble and the Penguin.
2	I år 32 f.s.Y. ble Qui-Gon Jinn og hans padawan, Obi-Wan Kenobi, sendt av kansler Valorum til Naboo, for å forhandle i en vanskelig konflikt. Senatet hadde skattlagt handelsruter i de ytre territoriene, og den mektige Handelsføderasjonen protesterte mot dette vedtaket ved å blokkere fredelige Naboo.
2	I Skyenes by ventet Darth Vader, som hadde satt opp en felle for Luke. Vader prøvde å vende Luke til den mørke siden. Han fortalte Luke at han var faren hans, og at de kunne styre universet sammen. Dette lyktes ham imidlertid ikke, og Luke ble heldigvis reddet av Leia.
3	CB-23 was a BB-series astromech droid. She was manufactured sometime prior to 34 ABY, by which time she was a member of the Resistance. After BB-8, Commander Poe Dameron's usual droid, was temporarily stationed to the Colossus platform to keep an eye on newly recruited spy Kazuda Xiono, CB-23 was assigned to Dameron as a replacement.[2]
2	Stormtroppene var en førsteslagsenhet som ble sendt inn i avgjørende kampsituasjoner for å støtte Den keiserlige romflåten og Den keiserlige hæren. Disse soldatene var disiplinerte og lojale, og utførte ordrer uten å nøle eller tenke på eget liv. De var veltrente, og svært effektive, og viste ingen nåde mot Imperiets fiender. De hadde en hvit rustning, som gav god beskyttelse mot ugjestmilde omgivelser, prosjektiler, slagvåpen og streifskudd fra lasere. Stormtropper var utstyrt med det aller beste, og var derfor svært fryktet av opprørerne. I dag spekuleres det i at mange stormtropper faktisk var kloner, men dette vites enda ikke.
3	Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
2	Zabrak fra Iridonia ble ansett å være mer krigerske enn Zabrak fra sine koloni verdener, mest sannsynlig på grunn av ulendt terreng som gjorde opp sine hjem verden. Som sådan, utviklet de en svært fysisk stil av kampsport, som var et krav for unge Zabrak å lære. Det var ikke uvanlig for Zabrak fra Iridonia å være blant de beste hånd-til-hånd jagerfly og weaponsmiths i galaksen. Zabrak fra koloni verdener delte også at stasjonen for excellence, men oppfordret barna til å uttrykke det på andre måter. Det var derfor ikke overraskende å se at Zabrak møtt med suksess i mange felt, alt fra medisin til underholdning.
3	Content approaching. Master &amp; Apprentice, Star Wars Battlefront II, Pirate's Price, Bounty Hunted, Last Shot, Maz's Scoundrels, Force Collector, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Resistance Reborn, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Flight of the Falcon, Part 5: Grand Theft Falcon, Tales from Wild Space: Win/Lose, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker–class.
3	Malakili was a human male from the planet Corellia who spent much of his childhood living in the slums of the moon Nar Shaddaa. Having an affinity for animals, Malakili was hired as a beastmaster for Hutt circuses, but he was sold into slavery after a creature got loose and killed audience members. Purchased by Jabba the Hutt, Malakili served as a caretaker to the creatures in Jabba's Palace on the desert planet Tatooine. During that time, Malakili became fond of Jabba's rancor, Pateesa, and the creature saved his life during a Tusken Raider attack. Sympathizing with Pateesa, Malakili planned to one day escape with the beast.
3	K1-1R was a humanoid-type assassin droid with a sleek, featureless head in the shape of that of a Human. Instead of eyes, K1-1R had a single sensor scanner on his face that glowed a red color as he spoke. He was plastered with carbon scoring, and his body was covered in a patchwork of repairs from the many firefights in which he had participated. K1-1R was also fitted with a shield generator and a remote processor broadcast array, with which he remotely controlled droid drones and used them as extensions of his will. In addition, he had a vocabulator, which gave him an emotionless, mechanical-sounding voice.[3]
3	In the waning days of the Clone Wars, Maul escaped from Sidious and ultimately returned to Mandalore where he was overthrown by former Padawan Ahsoka Tano and an army of clone troopers. However, Maul survived the war and continued to build his own empire as a crime lord and the secret leader of Crimson Dawn. He was later stranded on the planet Malachor, where he hoped to destroy the Sith by unlocking the superweapon at the heart of the Sith temple. Maul's plan was thwarted by two Jedi, Kanan Jarrus and Ezra Bridger, the latter of whom Maul hoped to corrupt as his own apprentice. After escaping Malachor, Maul continued to try to tempt Bridger to the dark side before ultimately learning that Kenobi was still alive in spite of Order 66 and the Jedi Purge. Seeking hope and purpose, Maul sought Kenobi on Tatooine, the same planet where he had first revealed himself to Kenobi. In 2 BBY, Maul engaged Kenobi in a brief lightsaber duel for the last time. Kenobi cut Maul's lightsaber in half and dealt Maul a lethal blow, ending Maul's decade-spanning quest for vengeance. He died moments later with the knowledge that Kenobi was protecting Luke Skywalker, who Kenobi believed was the Chosen One, taking comfort in the fact that it meant the Sith would be destroyed.
2	Lord Vaders dødsskvadron fanget opp opplysningene og flåten satte kurs for det aktuelle systemet. Dessverre gjorde den relativt lite begavede admiral Ozzle en taktisk blunder, ved å komme ut av hyperrommet for nært systemet. Dermed kunne opprørerne se flåten, istedenfor å ta feil av den og asteroider som det krydde av i systemet. Forsvarsverkene deres ble dermed satt opp, inkludert et skjold som beskyttet deler av planeten. Etter å ha avsatt admiralen, beordret Vader admiral Piett å i landsette en styrke som skulle trenge igjennom skjoldet og sette skjoldgeneratoren ute av spill.
3	At one point, Melshi served together with Lieutenant Caluan Ematt on Gaulus. Sharing his expertise with other members of the Rebellion, Melshi also made additions to a rebel field manual, writing a section on various Imperial stormtrooper variants and describing the distinctive features of each of those branches.[6] By 0 BBY,[1] Melshi was a member of the Massassi Group, the largest rebel cell operating from the Great Temple on the fourth moon of the planet Yavin.[2] By that point, the sergeant was considered one of the Alliance's seasoned veterans.[4]
3	Darth Bane was a legendary human male Dark Lord of the Sith and the sole survivor of the destruction of the Sith at the hands of the Jedi Order during the Jedi-Sith War a thousand years before the Clone Wars. As the only surviving Sith, Bane recognized that Sith infighting had weakened them to the point that the Jedi could destroy them. To rectify this, Bane reformed the Sith and created the Rule of Two, mandating that there could be only two Sith&#8212;a Master and an apprentice&#8212;at any given time. These new Sith would begin a plot to destroy the Jedi in secret. With Bane's defeat, the Jedi wrongly believed that the Sith were defeated with him.
2	Når Kalee ble angrepet av Huk tok Grievous skipet Martyr og reiste hjem. Uvisst for Grievous hadde Grev Dooku og IGBK leder San Hill plassert en bombe ombord Martyr. Grievous ble kritisk skadet, men levde. San Hill transformerte Grievous til kyborg og ga han til Grev Dooku som en gave og et potensielt våpen.
2	Lucas produserte i 1980 Steven Spielbergs "Raiders of the Lost Ark". Denne filmen ble hedret med 5 Oscars. I 1984 ble den første Indiana Jones-filmen sluppet, Lucas hadde skrevet historien, og bidratt på produsent-biten. Filmen fikk en Oscar, for sine visuelle effekter.
2	Revan , også kjent som "The force walker", ble født rundt år 3994 BBY. Han ble lokket til Keiserens side og slaktet i hans navn helt til han løsrev seg og startet en vendetta som skulle føre til hans fenglsling i flere hundre år. Derfra toturerte keiseren Revan igjennom hans sinn, men på samme måte som Keiseren var i Revans sinn, var Revan også i keiserens. Revan så keiseren som en uungåelig skjebne for hele universet og viet sitt liv til å beseire ham.
1	Mens Luke forsøgte at vende tilbage til basen kæmpede resten af Rogue Squadron videre. Det lykkedes for dem at vælte nogle af walkerne, men mange piloter mistede livet.
3	After the New Republic fell in 34 ABY, Snoke oversaw the conquest of the galaxy from his headquarters aboard the First Order flagship Supremacy. Having lured the Jedi apprentice Rey to him through her bond with Ren, Snoke urged the dark warrior to complete his training by executing the scavenger. Ren turned on Snoke, however, using Skywalker's lightsaber to end his master's life. Ultimately, Snoke's entire existence was built for this moment: to serve as a final test for Ren. He not only tested Ren's worthiness as a disciple, but also his capacity to inherit the Sith legacy. His role had been designed by the Sith Eternal cultists to act as a final crucible, to groom and mold Ren into a master of attack and cunning. Ren became the new Supreme Leader of the First Order, but after encountering a revived Sidious on Snoke's homeworld of Exegol, he aspired to rule the galaxy as Emperor of the Final Order.
3	Per this consensus, it is Wookieepeida policy that all Old Republic character articles be written under the assumption that Republic player characters (Jedi Counsular, Jedi Knight, trooper, smuggler) select the light-side dialogue options in story-line conversations. Conversely, it has been agreed that articles for Imperial player characters (Sith Inquisitor, Sith Warrior, Imperial agent, bounty hunter) are to be written under the assumption that the dark-side conversation options are selected by the player.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
3	The scoundrel Zorii Bliss led the Spice Runners of Kijimi smuggling gang during the war between the First Order and the Resistance.[3] Residing in the Thieves' Quarter,[1] Bliss and the Spice Runners stayed neutral in the ongoing war.[3]
2	Anakin, som nå har vært på Tatooine en stund, fordi han har forsøkt å redde sin mor fra døden, sender meldingen til Coruscant. Selv om han har fått ordre om å bli, reiser han etter sin mester for å redde ham. På Geonosis blir Anakin og Padme raskt fanget, og sammen med Obi-Wan blir de dømt til døden.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
3	K1-1R was a modified military protocol droid with a masculine personality who operated during the latter years of the Galactic Republic. For a time, K1-1R served a master, but after his owner tasked him with a mission that was guaranteed to result in K1-1R's destruction, the droid's survival programming overrode his sense of loyalty. K1-1R subsequently abandoned his owner and became fully independent, forging a career for himself as an assassin droid and a bounty hunter.[3]
1	Under slaget gav Borsk Fey'yla Admiral Sien Sovv, Øverstekommandør af den Nye Republiks flåde, fuld kommando over flåden. Sovv's modvilje mod at ødelægge flygtningeskibene for at stoppe Yuuzhan Vong flåden førte til disiplinære nedbrud og fik Bel Iblis til at overtage kommandoen af sin flåde, hvilket efterlod Kre'fey med kun få tusinde skibe mens andre sluttede sig til Bel Iblis. Et nødsignal blev sendt til flåderne på Corellia, Kuat, Balmorra og Kashyyyk men ingen forstærkninger nåede frem i tide.
1	LEGO Star Wars: The Quest for R2-D2 is a short film made by M2Film to celebrate the ten year anniversary of LEGO’s Star Wars license.  The film premiered on August 28, 2009 in the 9:00 ET (8:00 CT) time block on Cartoon Network.  The movie was shown in two parts in the breaks of a rerun of Cartoon Network's live-action show Destroy Build Destroy.  It was later made available on the official LEGO Star Wars website.
3	Following the destruction of the Endar Spire by the Sith battle fleet in hopes of capturing Jedi Padawan Bastila Shan, the destruction of Taris was an event that took place during the height of the Jedi Civil War. Intending to capture the Jedi Padawan Bastila Shan, whose talents with battle meditation had been crucial to the Galactic Republic's effort against the Sith Empire led by Darth Malak, the Dark Lord of the Sith set his fleet around the Outer Rim world of Taris. After successfully ambushing the vessel under Shan's command, the Hammerhead-class cruiser Endar Spire, Sith troopers led by Darth Bandon boarded the ship, intent on seizing her alive. However, Shan, Carth Onasi and the amnesic ex-Sith Lord Revan were able to escape before the vessel's destruction. Afterwards, Malak ordered the conquest and blockading of Taris in order to search for the Jedi. The escape pod bearing Shan crashed in the Undercity, however, and she was taken prisoner by the Black Vulkars swoop gang.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
3	Mitth'raw'nuruodo,[4] better known as Thrawn, was a Chiss male[2] who hailed from Csilla[1] in the Unknown Regions, a dangerous and uncharted region of the galaxy.[8] During this time he rose through the ranks to become a well respected member of the Chiss Ascendancy.[4]
3	Synara San was born[1] on the planet[4] Mirial.[1] As a child, San lived on the streets of Vanqor,[3] and claimed that she learned how to shoot from her father, who took her hunting.[5] Eventually she was saved from Vanqor's streets by Kragan Gorr, who cared for her as his own child. San regarded their relationship as a debt.[3] During the New Republic era, she became a member of Kragan's pirate gang, which had been hired by the First Order to attack the Colossus platform on Castilon, as they wanted to take it over by pressuring the platform's owner, Captain Imanuel Doza into inviting them onboard.[2]
3	Many of our articles were created without proper source citation.  Since anyone can create an article on Wookieepedia, sources are important to distinguish between canon and fanon. You can find articles in need of sources here, and articles that need proper citation here.
2	Windu hadde stor kunnskap rundt Jedi-filosofi og historie. Derfor visste han om profetien om den utvalgte, den som skulle bringe balanse i kraften. Da Qui-Gon Jinn kom med en kandidat til teorien, ville han og rådet på visse betingelser teste gutten.
3	The morning after the Battle of Yavin, in 0 ABY,[5] ISB officials received a communiqué from Coruscant with an order from Galactic Emperor Sheev Palpatine: apprehend all suspected members and sympathizers of the Rebel Alliance. Following the new order, TX-828, directed by Beck, led a troop of eight stormtroopers to ambush the Shrikes as they attempted to escape aboard an EE-730 transport. With their E-11 blaster rifles set to stun, TX-828 and his fellow soldiers engaged the rebels in a brief firefight that lasted less than ten seconds. TX-828 and his squad captured four rebel troopers, but a Rodian rebel had eluded capture, and the alien shot the unconscious men and women before committing suicide. Beck, convinced that the action was taken to protect rebel secrets, had TX-828 search the starship. TX-828 believed the rebels were all accounted for, but Beck was certain a sixth, Caluan Ematt, had escaped.[1]
3	The Battle of Bothawui was a major military engagement in 3671 BBY, during the Great Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the resurgent Sith Empire. The battle was a turning point in the decade-old war, and a major boost to a crippled Republic on the verge of collapse. In that year, the Sith set their sights on the Mid Rim world of Bothawui after having successfully usurped control of much of the Outer Rim Territories. Bothawui, a Republic-aligned world, received the attention of the entire Republic Navy&#8212;attention that ultimately foiled the Empire's first attempt at seizing the planet. The Sith assault was a resounding failure, but the Imperials were only more motivated to seize the world in the aftermath of their defeat. As they prepared yet another invasion of Bothawui, a huge majority of the world's Republic defenders left the planet. The only remaining forces were a relatively small contingent of Jedi Knights and Republic soldiers placed under the command of Jedi Master Belth Allusis.
2	Den unge Anakin viste seg å være utrolig talentfull, blant annet som reparatør og pilot, og gjorde at forretningene hans gikk så meget mye bedre. Watto holdt gutten meget høyt, og behandlet ham pent grunnet hans viktighet for ham.
3	Please make sure that you aren't uploading a duplicate image! There is no point having two identical pictures uploaded. An easy way to check if the image you want to upload already exists on Wookieepedia is to go to the article about whatever you're uploading. For example, if you were to upload a picture of Atris, you would go to the Atris article to check if the picture hasn't been uploaded already. If you really want to make sure you're not uploading a duplicate, you could go through the unused files list.
3	This Featured article has been deemed sufficiently below FA standards by the Inquisitorius and will have its status removed if not up to standards by the next Inquisitorius meeting.
1	Nautolanere besad exceptionelle følingsegenskaber, der blev forstærket af deres karakteristiske hoved-"fletninger". Disse blev kaldt "slyngtråde" (engelsk: tendrils) og blev brugt til at føle andre levende væseners følelsesmæssige tilstand, men var mest effektive under vand. Inden for den nautolanske kultur var egenskaben til at føle følelsesmæssige ændringer en umådelig vigtig del af kommunikationsmetoderne. Alle nautolanere havde 14 tentakler.
3	I have designed a comic titled "Victory On Osan" that fits into canon of Star Wars. I would like permission to write some articles on it. Please Reply...
3	At some point between 19 BBY and 0 BBY,[2] J'Quile was amongst a crowd of spectators in the palace's throne room who witnessed the Rodian Greedo return from an unsuccessful mission to the planet Mygeeto. Jabba was about to drop the Rodian into his rancor pit for his failure, when Greedo offered up the lightsaber of Jedi Master Ki-Adi-Mundi as tribute. The Ithorian Dok-Ondar immediately offered to buy the lightsaber from Jabba, causing the Hutt to show leniency to the Rodian.[3]
2	Shmi Skywalker (73 f.s.Y. - 22 f.s.Y.) var en kjærlig og snill kvinne, som først og fremst siktet på å gi sin sønn Anakin Skywalker et bedre liv. Anakins fødsel var ekstraordinær: Det var ingen far. Muligens var det Kraftens vilje at Anakin skulle bli født. Noe som i så fall ville underbygge teoriene om at han var den utvalgte, den som skulle bringe Kraften i balanse.
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
3	Born in 11 ABY during the New Republic Era, FN-2187 was part of a new generation of stormtroopers&#8212;human children conscripted into the military forces of the First Order&#8212;modeled on the Republic clone troopers and Imperial stormtroopers of the past. He originally trained with Batch Eight before joining the FN Corps, a sub-branch of the Stormtrooper Corps, and although his potential was recognized by his commanding officers, FN-2187 lacked the ruthlessness that had become common in the ranks under the influence of Captain Phasma. In the waning days of the cold war, he hesitated to kill civilians during his first mission and consequently decided to desert after witnessing the massacre of Tuanul. Lacking experience as a pilot, FN-2187 freed a Resistance prisoner, Commander Poe Dameron, who coined the nickname "Finn" to supplant the renegade stormtrooper's alphanumeric designation. He then sought his own freedom while forming friendships with the Jakku scavenger Rey and the droid BB-8, as well as the Rebel war heroes Han Solo and Chewbacca.
3	Content approaching. Age of Resistance - Rose Tico 1, Star Wars: Forces of Destiny—Rose &amp; Paige, The Last Jedi: Cobalt Squadron, The Last Jedi: Bomber Command, Rose Knows, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Shuttle Shock, Resistance Reborn, Star Wars: Allegiance, Spark of the Resistance, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary–class.
3	As a senior officer, Phasma commanded First Order forces in their struggle against the Resistance. Under orders from the Supreme Leader of the First Order, Snoke, the triumvirate searched for a galaxy map that would lead to the last of the Jedi, Luke Skywalker, on the planet Jakku. Phasma participated in a massacre at Tuanul village, an atrocity which led the stormtrooper FN-2187 to defect to the Resistance.
3	Poe Dameron was a human male who originally served as a member of the Spice Runners of Kijimi, before becoming a pilot in the New Republic and eventually joining the Resistance, rising to become acting General of the Resistance, during its conflict and subsequent war with the First Order. The son of Lieutenant Shara Bey and Sergeant Kes Dameron of the Alliance to Restore the Republic, Dameron followed in his late mother's footsteps in becoming a pilot, serving the New Republic Defense Fleet as the commander of Rapier Squadron, but grew disillusioned with the Republic's inaction to the First Order's violations of the Galactic Concordance. Dameron defected to the Resistance, where he became one of General Leia Organa's most trusted operatives. Dameron flew under the callsign of Black Leader while piloting his specialized T-70 X-wing starfighter, Black One.
1	Ysanne var en dygtig agent og udnyttede ikkr sin fars posision. Hun var ambitiøs og skabte mange forbindelser i Imperiets Efterretningstjeneste og begyndte at lægge planer bag sin fars ryg.
3	Roodown, nicknamed "Crusher," was an Abednedo scavenger on the desert planet Jakku. Roodown angered his employer, the junk dealer Unkar Plutt, who suspected the scavenger was selling salvage to a different buyer. As a consequence, Plutt's thugs cut off Roodown's arms, ending his career as a scavenger. However, Roodown was allowed to work for Plutt as a strong back around Niima Outpost using his replacement load-lifter arms, which greatly increased his strength.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
3	Solo held its world premiere on May 10, 2018 in Los Angeles, and it was screened at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival on May 15. The film received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised the performances, music, and visuals, although some felt that the story was weak. Solo received a nomination for Best Visual Effects at the 91st Academy Awards.
2	Dooku gav oppdraget til galaksens beste dusørjeger, Jango Fett, men Fett klarte ikke å utføre oppdraget. Snarere fikk han jediridderen Obi-Wan Kenobi til å oppdage separatistenes ulumske planer på Geonosis, som jedien fikk has på gjennom å overlytte et stort separatistmøte, møtet føderasjonen for øvrig offisielt gikk inn i separatistbevegelsen. Før han ble fanget rakk han å rapportere tilbake til Coruscant.
3	The human female Anandra Milon was an immigrant from Alderaan who lived on Level 3204 of the city-planet Coruscant during the reign of the Galactic Empire.[1] She lived with her mother, father, and her younger brother Santigo Milon. Born in around 16 BBY,[2] Anandra was sometimes looked after by her next door neighbor as a child. She lived through the Old Market Sector riots and the relocation of members of the Mon Calamari species that followed, although due to her age at the time, she had no memory of the events. At one point in her childhood, she secretly visited Level 1997&#8212;a shady district of Coruscant&#8212;with her school friends, where they took a holocam picture before leaving.[1]
3	Content approaching. Queen's Shadow, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (novelization), Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide, Contingency Plan, Choose Your Destiny: A Luke &amp; Leia Adventure, Star Wars 35, Doctor Aphra 30, Star Wars: The Last Jedi – The Storms of Crait 1, Star Wars 45, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars 67, Doctor Aphra 33, An Echo of Victory, Two Sides to Every Sortie, Last Shot, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy, Star Wars: On the Front Lines, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious–class.
3	In the aftermath of that first battle, glee spread through the Republic military and civilians rejoiced on the capital planet of Coruscant and other worlds while the Empire prepared itself for another assault.[1] Although individuals within the Republic Navy, such as Jedi Knight Gnost-Dural, predicted that the Sith would plan such retribution, the Navy was forced to disperse once more and return to battlefronts across the galaxy. As a preventative measure, Republic engineers erected a mighty planetary shield on Bothawui's surface to protect the world from the threat of orbital bombardment. Despite this precaution, there were still those within the Jedi Order and Republic Military who believed that the world needed defenders on the surface.[2] As such, Jedi Master Belth Allusis, a prominent member of the Jedi High Council, volunteered to stay on the planet and lead a small contingent of four thousand Republic soldiers,[1] four Special Forces squads,[2] and eighty-four Jedi Knights. Knowing they would face the full might of the Sith's vengeance, the Republic's forces dug into the forest surrounding Bothawui's planetary shield generator and prepared for the Empire's return.[1]
1	De Ukendte Regioner kunne stort set defineres som et område der ikke var forbundet med nogen kendte hyperspace ruter i Galaksen, havde ingen forbindelse til Coruscant, eller ikke var en del af den Galaktiske Republik før den Galaktiske Borgerkrig&#8212;men de fulde årsag til den mangelende kontakt er ukendt.
3	CB-23 was a BB-series astromech droid with feminine programming who was a member of the Resistance in 34 ABY. She was assigned to Commander Poe Dameron while BB-8 was stationed on the Colossus with Kazuda Xiono. After Dameron took back BB-8 before going on a mission to Jakku, CB-23 replaced him in the misson on the Colossus platform.
3	The mission to free Wookiee prisoners was an operation undertaken by the rebels who were based on and around the planet Lothal in the year 5 BBY. The rebels learned what they believed was the location of the Wookiees, who had been enslaved by the Galactic Empire, and attempted to rescue the Wookiees aboard Transport 651, a Gozanti-class cruiser. Unknown to the rebels, however, was that they had walked into a trap set by Agent Kallus of the Imperial Security Bureau. They soon realized the Wookiees were not aboard the vessel, and the rebels were forced to flee from Kallus and his forces. During the escape, one of the rebels, Ezra Bridger, was captured, forcing the rest of the crew to later return and rescue him. While a prisoner, Bridger learned that the Wookiees were being taken to the spice mines of the planet Kessel.
3	Leading an investigation, TX-828 tracked Ematt to the planet Cyrkon. Through bounty hunters searching for the smuggler Han Solo, the stormtrooper sergeant discovered that Ematt was planning to be rescued by Solo and the Wookiee Chewbacca. TX-828 and Beck set a trap for the rebels outside of their starship, the Millennium Falcon, and managed to capture Ematt, Solo, and Chewbacca. However, TX-828 and Beck ultimately lost custody of the trio when rebel sympathizers aboard the yacht Miss Fortune fired upon TX-828's stormtrooper squads, allowing the three fugitives to escape aboard the Millennium Falcon. In an attempt to recapture the rebels, TX-828 and Beck returned to the Star Destroyer Vehement and briefly pursued the Millennium Falcon before it finally escaped into hyperspace.
3	A battle at the planet Foerost occurred in 3996 BBY during the Great Sith War. It began as a raid carried out by the Krath forces of Sith Lord Ulic Qel-Droma and the Crusaders of Mandalore the Indomitable. Qel-Droma planned to seize the many ships under construction for the Galactic Republic, and instead use them in his bid for galactic domination. At Qel-Droma's behest, Krath sorceress Aleema Keto created an illusion that allowed their forces to slip into the Foerost shipyards unchallenged. Bolstered by the armies of Mandalore, Qel-Droma's forces stormed the facility and secured the operational codes for the newly-completed vessels. Fleet Captain Orley Vanicus was dispatched to interrupt the raid with a contingent of Republic reinforcements, but was too late to stop the theft of over three hundred warships. A recording of Qel-Droma from the attack was later discovered, finally leaking the secret identity of the Republic's new enemy.
3	The Knights of Ren was a group of dark side warriors who, during the New Republic Era, served under the command of Kylo Ren&#8212;the master of the Knights of Ren and Supreme Leader of the First Order. The Knights revered the power of the dark side of the Force, or the "shadow" as they called it. As acolytes of the shadow, they immersed themselves in its power, fought its battles, preserved its tools, and consumed everything it gave them. This principle was epitomized by the lightsaber, an ancient weapon of the Jedi and Sith that the Knights referred to as the "Ren." Though the Knights were also Force-sensitive like their master, who inherited his raw power from the bloodline of the Sith Lord Darth Vader, their connection to the Force was stunted and unrefined due to a lack of Force-training.
3	{{Dialogue|Leia Organa|I love you.|Han Solo|I know.|attr=[[Leia Organa Solo|Leia Organa]] and [[Han Solo/Legends|Han Solo]] in [[Cloud City/Legends|Cloud City]]|src=Star Wars: Episode V The Empire Strikes Back}}
3	Proto One completed the repairs before the day's end and left the scrapyard to seek out Moll and the others. He found C-3PO and the White Witch at a processing plant with BL-17, who had deceptively befriended the protocol droid in order for his master, the Mandalorian bounty hunter Boba Fett, to capture Moll and her friends. Proto One charged at his old enemy but was easily tossed aside. However, C-3PO realized BL-17's treachery and defeated him when R2-D2 arrived and helped the protocol droid push their foe under a rain of falling machinery. Moll and her friend Thall Joben showed up soon after, but Fett emerged from the shadows and began to fire laser blasts at them. During the commotion, a downed Proto One witnessed Tig Fromm and Vlix Oncard&#8212;Annoo-dat Blue gangsters of the Fromm Gang criminal organization who had hired Fett and who sought to thwart Moll and her friends&#8212;plant a thermal detonator aboard the White Witch and reveal that it would activate after the vehicle completed ten laps of the upcoming Boonta Speeder Race. By the time Proto One got up and warned Moll and C-3PO, Joben and R2-D2 had already boarded the speeder and fled from a pursuing Fett.[1]
1	Selve byen på planeten var kendt som Galactic City, Republic City, Coruscant City eller City of Spires under den Galaktiske Republik, Imperial City under Imperiet, og New Republic City under den Nye Republik, og senere Yuuzhan'tar under Yuuzhan Vong krigen.
1	Modtagelsen af filmen var blandet, både af pressen og af fans. Pressen mente bl.a. at filmen ikke var en film i sig selv, men blot skabt som et led mellem episode to og fire. Desuden at den var langtrukken og fokuseret på digitale effekter, frem for dialog og magi. Andre blev meget positivt overrasket over den sidste store finale af Star Wars-film.
1	For Jedier såvel som andre, vil Luke være et forbillede, der bragte håb om en tilværelse, der kunne bringe det tilbage til som det så ud under den Gamle Republik. Men freden i Galaksen har været dyr for alle. Især for Luke.
3	Qi'ra was a human female from the planet Corellia who lived during the reign of the Galactic Empire. She grew up on the streets along with Han as part of the White Worms. Though they were at first rivals, the two Scrumrats eventually fell in love and became lovers. Sometime after Qi'ra was made Head Girl by Lady Proxima, Han and Qi'ra attempted to escape with a vial of coaxium, but were separated at the Coronet Spaceport, Han got out but promised to return for her.
2	Da Zett var sju år ble foreldrene han brutalt myrdet. Selv om han hadde vokst opp med jediene og hadde forlatt familien sin som nyfødt, begynte han og ha visjoner om slektningene og hjemplaneten. Dette nådde jedi-ridder Mierme Unill som dro for og etterforske drapene og med Jedirådets tillatelse fortalte han gutten om hans tidlige liv, i håp om at det ville gi ham visjoner som kunne hjelpe dem og finne drapsmennene.
3	Some time later, during the Galactic Civil War between the Empire and the Rebel Alliance, the Alliance destroyed the Empire's greatest weapon: the Death Star mobile battle station capable of destroying entire planets.[11] One of the Rebel Alliance's follow-up campaigns included an assault on Weapons Factory Alpha, the Empire's largest weapons factory on the moon Cymoon 1,[12] and the Sith Lord Darth Vader failed to prevent the Rebels from blowing up the factory.[13] Emperor Palpatine, Vader's Sith Master, grew displeased with Vader and demoted him for his failures at Yavin and Cymoon 1 and put him under the command of Grand General Cassio Tagge. Vader secretly hired two bounty hunters to hunt down two targets: an Imperial operative whom Vader had seen working for Palpatine in a suspicious manner, and the Rebel pilot who had destroyed both the Death Star and Weapons Factory Alpha.[14] Vader then convened with Tagge aboard his Executor-class Star Dreadnaught Annihilator.[15]
2	En annen av de egenskapene som gjorde Zabrak umiddelbart gjenkjennelig var deres ansikts tatoveringer, som besto av tynne linjer mottatt under deres overgangsrite. Disse kan symbolisere mange ting, inkludert men ikke begrenset til familien avstamning, fødested, eller til og med en design som reflekterte deres individuelle personligheter.
3	Age of Resistance - Poe Dameron 1, Kidnapped!, Star Wars Special: C-3PO 1, Star Wars: Poe Dameron, Robot Resistance, All Aces Battle Royale, Sector 7-E, Rose Knows, Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: Droid Repair Bay, Shuttle Shock, Resistance Reborn, Allegiance 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 2, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Spark of the Resistance, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
3	As Syndulla's second-in-command, the two came to develop a romantic relationship. After the Force-sensitive teenager Ezra Bridger joined the Spectres, Jarrus became his Jedi mentor despite still being a Padawan. After defeating the Grand Inquisitor in combat, Jarrus and his fellow rebels learned they were part of a larger rebellion and joined Phoenix Cell. During a mission to Malachor, Jarrus was blinded by the former Sith Lord Maul. After months of retreat, Jarrus restored his connection to the Force and repaired his frayed relationship with Bridger with the help of a mysterious being called Bendu, who taught him to see things through the Force.
3	Content approaching. Rebel Rising, Accidental Allies, Jyn's Trade, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (novelization), Star Wars 52, Star Wars 54, Alphabet Squadron, Star Wars: The Rebel Files–class.
3	The Resistance, also known as the Rebellion, was a private military force founded by General Leia Organa during the cold war between the New Republic and the First Order. Modeled to an extent on the Alliance to Restore the Republic, which Organa served with in the Galactic Civil War, the Resistance was composed of human and alien members that shared Organa's views on the threat that the First Order posed to the Republic and the galaxy at large. Among the organization's personnel were members of the New Republic military, such as the pilots Poe Dameron and Kazuda Xiono who supported the Resistance in lieu of direct action from the Galactic Senate, while others like Paige and Rose Tico rallied to Organa's cause as a result of the First Order's exploitation of their homeworld. Their organization was small, however, and therefore resources were limited. As such, the Resistance relied on the support of sympathetic senators who discreetly funneled credit, starships, and weapons to Organa's cash-strapped movement.
1	Imperiet planlagde et overraskelsesangreb, og sendte en angrebsstyrke afsted. Men Admirall Ozzel sendte flåden ud  af Hyperrummet for tæt på planeten, og oprørerne nåede at aktivere energiskjoldet på deres base. På grund af det  blev Admiral Ozzel henrettet af Darth Vader, og Admiral Piett overtog kommandoen af flåden.
2	I Republikkens siste år holdt Windu seg på Coruscant mesteparten av tiden. Han og de 11 andre medlemmene av Jedirådet diskuterte til stadighet Kraften og Jediriddernes oppgaver. Mace lyssabel var en spesiell lillatype.
3	Mace Windu, a Force-sensitive human male, was a revered Jedi Master and member of the Jedi High Council during the last years of the Galactic Republic. During his time in the Jedi Order, he once served as elected leader of the Jedi and, during the Clone Wars, as a Jedi General in the Grand Army of the Republic. He was the greatest champion of the Jedi Order and promoted its ancient traditions amidst the growing influence of the dark side of the Force in the corrupt, declining days of the Republic.
3	All Wookieepedia administrators are granted operator status in all public Wookieepedia IRC channels by virtue of their on-wiki sysop privileges. Likewise, all bureaucrats are granted Founder rights (+F) in all public Wookieepedia IRC channels. Administrators may additionally be granted Founder access in public channels as circumstances merit. Private Wookieepedia channels, such as those used by the Inquisitorius and AgriCorps, are governed by those respective groups, which must designate at least two standing members to hold Founder rights at all times.
2	Det var likheter mellom de to underarter, skjønt. Begge ble hardt skall leddyr med lange snuter og insectoid øyne.Deres exoskeletons lå i form av plater over læraktig hud, som tjener som beskyttelse mot varmen de opplevde på Mustafar. [2] I motsetning til de fleste arter av galaksen , hadde de svært lite vann i kroppen. [2]
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
3	Revan and Malak had disobeyed the Jedi High Council in order to lead the war effort against the Mandalorians, and thus found themselves at odds with the Order. Disappearing to the farthest reaches of known space, the two Jedi fell to the dark side of the Force, becoming Dark Lords of the Sith, and returned with a fleet of starships and Republic deserters to invade the Republic. War had once again broken out, this time between the Republic and the Jedi against their own former champions from the Mandalorian campaign.[1]
2	Jango Fett ([68 f.s.YLEGENDS] - 22 f.s.Y.) var i sin tid ansett som den beste dusørjegeren i galaksen. Etter at foreldrene hans ble drept tidlig, ble Jango i en alder av ti år plukket opp av den mandaloriske lederen Jaster Mereel, som lærte ham å bli en kriger. Han ble imidlertid drept da en gruppe gjorde opprør mot ham, og Jango tok etter dette over som leder etter Mereel. De gjenværende mandalorierne ble senere nærmest utryddet i slaget på Galidraan, av en kommandogruppe jedier, ledet av grev Dooku - Jango overlevde imidlertid.
1	På grund af energiskjoldet var Imperiet nødt til at lande deres styrker et stykke væk fra basen. General Veers ledte en battallion af AT-AT Walkers i angrebet mod basen.
1	Sebulba var en Dug signalsystemet fra Mid Rim planet Malastare. Han var en tidligere slave, der havde købt sin frihed med hans utrolige evner på forsøget med en høj hastighed podracer , og den velkendte ærkerival af en ung podracing Anakin Skywalker . Inden længe blev Sebulba stjernen racer af den Galaktiske Podracing Circuit , ikke kun baseret på hans formidable køreevner, men også hans forkærlighed for vold. Mange kolleger podracers blev dræbt eller såret af Sebulba uforsvarlige styring eller ud-og-ud snyd, men Sebulba var alt for populært at være skylden eller straffes.
3	The specific details in the body of this article are based on the assumed alignment choices of Republic and Jedi player-characters in Star Wars: The Old Republic. This presentation is based on community consensus.Alternative paths should be listed in the behind the scenes section.
2	Samtidig har Ahsoka og Anakin konfrontert droidene på Teth. De greier å utslette fienden og redde  Jabbas sønn, men  Ventress er på planeten. Anakin finner snart ut at hele kidnappingen er planlagt fra starten av for å vende Hutt-klanen mot Republikken. Anakin og Ahsoka skynder seg med å få Hutt-barnet tilbake til Tatooine. Det er dødssykt av feber. De må takle en rekke farer for å komme seg trygt inn i hyperrommet.
3	After assassinating the leaders of the Confederacy of Independent Systems, Vader was confronted on Mustafar by his one-time friend and mentor, Kenobi, resulting in a lightsaber duel that left Vader burned and mutilated. As a consequence of his defeat, he was rebuilt as a cyborg and encased in a life-sustaining suit of armor, further distancing the persona of Vader from that of Anakin Skywalker. In addition, Amidala's death in childbirth broke the fallen Jedi Knight's heart, leaving him more machine than man mentally as well as physically.
2	Selv om Anakin ser på Tatooine som sin hjemplanet, ble han egentlig født på Thessius. Skywalker-navnet er egentlig etter Shmi's første ektemann, Lodon Skywalker, som døde lenge før Anakin ble født og i det hele tatt tenkt på.
1	Anakin blev født i 41.9 BBY, på Tatooine. Anakin's mor, Shmi Skywalker, hævdede, at hendes søn blev født uden en far, men hun kunne ikke forklare, hvordan det gik til. På det tidspunkt var Anakin og hans mor slaver af Gardulla the Hutt. Nogle år senere tabte Gardulla drengen i et podrace-væddeløb til en toydariansk skrothandler ved navn Watto. Da Qui-Gon Jinn og Padmé Amidala mødte Anakin, var han en flink, uselvisk niårig dreng, der arbejdede for Watto. Selv som barn kunne Anakin bygge og reparere stort set alt. Han byggede blandt andet en protokol droide ved navn C-3PO og en podracer. Begge blev lavet af dele han havde fundet, og de var begge næsten færdigbyggede, da han var ni.
1	Eclipse-class Star Dreadnoughten,[1][2] også kendte som Eclipse-class Star Destroyeren [3][4] eller Eclipse-class Super Star Destroyer,[5][2] var en model af Imperiets Star Dreadnoughts lavet af Kuat Drive Yards der blev brugt omkring seks år efter Slaget om Endor.[6]
3	This is the policy for uploading and using files on Wookieepedia. Uploads that fail to meet the criteria listed here may be deleted by an administrator and the uploader may be blocked in accordance with the blocking policy.
3	Star Wars Rebels is an animated television series set during the time frame between the films Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith and Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope. It premiered worldwide as a one-hour television movie, Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion, on Disney Channel on October 3, 2014; Regular episodes aired for four seasons on Disney XD, from October 13, 2014 to March 5, 2018. During its run, the series was nominated for four Emmy Awards, including two consecutive nominations for "Outstanding Children's Program."[25]
3	The cold war escalated into open conflict when the First Order launched an attack on the New Republic, annihilating the Senate and its capital on Hosnian Prime with the power of Starkiller Base in 34 ABY. In the wake of the Hosnian Cataclysm, the Resistance military launched a direct assault on Starkiller and ultimately destroyed the superweapon. Their victory was short-lived, however. The military forces of the First Order struck back, inflicting heavy losses on the the Resistance which was forced to evacuate their headquarters on D'Qar. The Resistance fleet whittled away under the relentless assault by the First Order Navy. The surviving members of the Resistance sought refuge in an abandoned outpost on Crait, but Supreme Leader Kylo Ren pursued them with the armies of the First Order under his command. The Resistance narrowly survived the Battle of Crait due to the efforts of the Jedi Luke Skywalker, who emerged from his hermitage to save his twin sister's rebellion, although this action would cost Skywalker his life. Nevertheless, his death had invigorated the Resistance, inspiring them to rebuild and continue the war against the First Order.
3	CB-23 next saw BB-8 and Xiono when they rendezvoused with the Resistance to deliver intel about the proposal the First Order had made to Imanuel Doza. She and BB-8 had a reunion that prompted Dameron to refer to them as "lovedroids." When Dameron was sent on a mission to investigate a set of coordinates in the Unknown Regions, CB-23 flew in his X-wing. When Dameron and Xiono discovered a mining facility, Station Theta Black, at the coordinates, CB-23 scanned the facility and detected no lifesigns or active droids. Dameron and Xiono landed inside to investigate, and CB piloted both X-wings to hide in the nearby asteroid field and await the signal for a pickup. When the First Order arrived at the facility, as it was slated for demolition that day, she saw them and immediately contacted BB-8 so he could warn Dameron and Xiono. When she was ordered to bring the fighters in, she flew them past Major Elrik Vonreg and his squadron of TIE fighters. After Dameron, Xiono and BB-8 boarded their fighters, the four Resistance members eventually escaped the area, and reported back to base.[5]
3	The Colossus was initially met by hostility from the indigenous Aeosians, who mistakenly believed that they were the same First Order Star Destroyer that had attacked their village, which was built on top of a rebel base. The Resistance pilot Kazuda Xiono managed to convince the Aeosian Queen that the Colossus residents meant no harm by healing a wounded Aeosian. As a result, the Queen called off hostilities and allowed the Colossus residents to settle on Aeos Prime.[1]
3	The vendetta Bane held against the Jedi was fulfilled during the Clone Wars, when Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, secretly the Sith Lord Darth Sidious and a follower of the Rule of Two, transformed the Galactic Republic into the Galactic Empire and destroyed the Jedi Order. However, the victory was short-lived, as the redeemed Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, formerly the Sith Lord Darth Vader, defeated the Sith twenty-three years later.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
3	However, the peace mission suggested by the Jedi was a failure. Amanoa rejected their offer, and as a result, Oron Kira led his Beast Riders into battle against Amanoa's forces. She was subsequently defeated by the combined might of the Jedi and Beast Riders, and the aftermath saw the achievement of peace, with Galia and Oron Kira being officially recognized as King and Queen of Onderon.
3	It is now three years after the events of A New Hope. The Rebel Alliance has been forced to flee its base on Yavin 4 and establish a new one on the ice planet of Hoth.
1	Pello Scrambas var løjtnant i tjeneste for Royal House of Alderaan. Scrambas far var Tash Scrambas, kaptajn på Qel-Droma, der tjente Jedi Master Jorus C'baoth løbet af Alderaan Ascendancy Contention. På den sidste dag i Contention, sluttede sig til yngre Scrambas den Alderaanian væbnede styrker. Stigende til rang af sergent, hans kolleger mente, at Alderaan ville være isoleret fra det pan-galaktiske Clone Wars, men Scrambas vidste bedre. Han kom i kamp ofte i konflikten, som General Grievous foretaget sit træk mod Core Worlds. Efter at have siddet i flere ture i tolden, var Scrambas overført til senator Bail Organa personlige vagt.
3	Shortly after the First Order raid, the refueling platform Colossus, arrived on Aeos Prime. The Colossus had spend several months eluding the First Order and had scouted Aeos Prime as a potential place to establish a new home. Captain Imanuel Doza, the leader of the Colossus, and its inhabitants liked the planet's blue skies and oceans.[3]
3	Meanwhile, the Sith Emperor and his Dark Council grew increasingly desperate for a swift end to the war which had already dragged on for over a decade.[5] Around 3667 BBY,[2] the Empire began an aggressive push toward the Core Worlds that included an invasion of Alderaan and the blockade of the Hydian Way, all while continuing the Outer Rim onslaught.[7] Imperial efforts in the Core were met with great resistance, draining the Sith war chest and straining the Empire's military. Regardless, the Empire continued with its strategy and worked to bolster their stretched forces by capturing additional worlds in the Outer Rim to reap much-needed resources and slaves.[5] As the war approached its third decade,[2] Darth Mekhis, a member of the Dark Council and a practiced Sith scientist and alchemist, set her sights on Rhen Var[3] in the Thanium Worlds of the Outer Rim Territories.[10] She hoped to seize the world for the Empire and appropriate its resources for the Sith war machine, while also using it as a testing ground for her newly developed weapons.[3]
3	BB-8, sometimes spelled and pronounced Beebee-Ate and nicknamed BB, was a BB-series astromech droid who operated approximately thirty years after the Battle of Endor. It had a dome head, similar to that of R2 series astromech droids, with the bulk of its body made up of a ball on which the droid's head rolled. BB-8 was mostly white, with some silver and orange on its body, as well as a black photoreceptor. The droid belonged to Resistance pilot Poe Dameron, whom he accompanied during his flights on his T-70 X-wing starfighter.
2	Jo jeg skjønner det. Men krigen var skjelden langvarig på et sted, derfor blir det jo en serie med kriger. Og så heter det jo Clone Wars på engelsk, og de har valgt å sette det i flertall, så da skjønner jeg ikke hvorfor Jedipedia er så vidt jeg vet den eneste norske siden som kaller det Klonekrigen
1	En karakteristik for Republikkens militær var at den, var at dets personale var udstyret med cybernetic implantater og head-wear. Nogle af disse blev designet til at give mental beskyttelse mod de mørke Jedis kræfter. Et andet tegn var dets brug af specialudstyr som for eksempel stealth field generator og også den henrivende fysiske teknologi. Disse ikke-kamp ting fik betydelig researchresurser og blev derfor udviklet til Republikkens brug.
3	The main forms of writing covered by Vorgan in the various segments of the article were Aurebesh, the High Galactic alphabet, Tionese, Sith writing systems, Trade Federation Basic, Naboo Futhark and Futhork, and Atrisian script. In addition to providing various recommendations for further reading, Vorgan's article was illustrated with charts comparing the characters from several of the writing styles with the more common characters of the High Galactic Alphabet, as well as various other illustrations demonstrating the disparate forms of typography in use throughout the galaxy.
1	Blokaden af Yavin var en af Imperiets militære aktioner efter ødelæggelsen af dødsstjernen i 0 ABY. Darth Vader ledte en flåde der omringede systemet for at dræbe Oprørsalliancens kerne. Blokaden var så stor, at den dækkede hele Gordian Sektorer. Selvom det var en stor blokade, kunne små skibe undslippe, mens store stransportere og storskibe ikke kunne. Blokaden var mere politisk end militær, fordi Imperiet ikke ønskede at galaksen skulle vide, at oprørne udgjorde en trussel mod Imperiet.
3	Dryden Vos was a male near-human who served as the public face of the crime syndicate Crimson Dawn during the reign of the Galactic Empire. He owned the First Light, and possessed a large quantity of wealth as Crimson Dawn's figurehead leader. He recruited the Corellian Qi'ra to be his Lieutenant, and hired Beckett's gang to steal Coaxium for him. When he tried to kill Han Solo, he was betrayed by Qi'ra, and the two engaged in a quick duel which resulted in Dryden Vos being stabbed and killed.
3	Born on the planet Arkanis around the time of the Battle of Yavin, Hux was the illegitmate son of Commandant Brendol Hux, who fathered Armitage by a kitchen woman. In the aftermath of the Galactic Civil War, Hux was sent into the Unknown Regions where the First Order rose seeking to reclaim the glory of the Galactic Empire. A ruthless officer by the time of the cold war, Hux engineered the death of his father, oversaw the training and indoctrination of a new generation of stormtroopers, and ordered the firing of Starkiller's superweapon to destroy the New Republic capital of Hosnian Prime. During the war that ensued with the Resistance, Hux served as commanding officer of the Mega-class Star Dreadnought Supremacy until its destruction shortly before the Battle of Crait.
3	Any in-universe articles must be based on canonical sources officially licensed by Lucasfilm. For out-of-universe articles and behind the scenes material, the situation is more dubious.
3	During the Imperial Era, the Rebel Alliance established an underground base on the ocean world of Aeos Prime. The rebels were welcomed by the indigenous Aeosian villagers, who built their village near the base.[3]
2	Ordenens medlemmer ble tatt opp i svært lav alder. Et kraftsensitivt barn kan med letthet avsløre et objekt som er fyllt av Kraften fra andre, lignende gjenstander. En annen metode er også å skjekke barnets blod for anntal midikloriner. I begynnelsen ble de såkalte ynglingene trent i klaner av en jedimester. De nåværende klanene er:
3	Star Wars Battlefront II, Maz's Scoundrels, Age of Rebellion - Han Solo 1, Swoop Racers, Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars 37, Star Wars Book IX: The Ashes of Jedha, Star Wars: The Last Jedi – The Storms of Crait 1, Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars 61, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues, Star Wars: Han Solo, An Echo of Victory, Star Wars 1, Bounty Hunted, An Imperial Feast, Age of Rebellion - Princess Leia 1, Last Shot, Force Collector, Star Wars: The Force Awakens: A Junior Novel, Tracker Trouble, Age of Resistance - Rey 1, Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Porg Problems, Porgs!, Life Lessons, Poe Dameron 27, Resistance Reborn, Allegiance 1, Spark of the Resistance, Pirate's Price, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, A Race for Answers
1	Grievous er portrætteret som øverstkommanderende for Konføderationen af Uafhængige Systems, en politisk fraktion af planetsystemer fører krig mod Galaktiske Republik . Uddannet i alle syv former for lyssværd kamp ved separatistisk leder og Sith Lord Grev Dooku , han er en hensynsløs og kraftfuld kriger viet til ødelæggelsen af Jedi , dræbte snesevis fra Padawans til Masters. Generalens handlinger hensynsløs aggression og høj Jedi Body Count ville få galaksen til at give ham tilnavnet 'The Knightslayer «. Under Klon Krigene, var han en af ​​de mest frygtede, hvis ikke den mest frygtede er i galaksen. Selvom den berygtede Jedi slayer var væsen i galaksen på det tidspunkt af Clone Wars, der havde dræbt den mest Jedi i tvekamp, ​​havde han ikke tøve med at flygte fra kampe, han vidste, at han ville tabe.
3	By around 7 BBY,[2] the Falleen Prince Xizor had secured his place as the leader of Black Sun, the most powerful crime syndicate in the galaxy.[6] Xizor's position necessitated a certain degree of paranoia and, with little trust for those around him, the Dark Prince sought out a completely loyal lieutenant, one who did not suffer from the same fallibility as a sentient.[1]
2	Tre år senere hadde Luke og Alliansen slått seg ned på isplanten Hoth. Imidlertid måtte de flykte da Vader oppdaget dem, noe som førte til slaget ved Hoth. Slaget ble så avgjort et tilbakeslag for opprørerne, men de greide heldigvis å evakuere unna de aller fleste. I stedet for å dra med de andre, dro Luke til jedimesteren Yoda på Dagobah. Det hadde Obi-Wan fortalt ham å gjøre, som mystisk spøkelsesskikkelse, like før Han Solo reddet han fra døden på Hoth. Hos Yoda lærte Luke mye om Kraften, og hans mestringsgrad økte i et forrykende tempo. Imidlertid måtte han avbryte, da han så vennene sine lide, i en by i skyene. Selv om Yoda ikke ville at Luke skulle reise for å redde dem, hjalp han Luke med å tolke fremtiden og synene, slik at Luke kunne hjelpe dem.
3	After Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine transformed the Republic into the Galactic Empire and proclaimed the Jedi as fugitives, Tarkin became the Empire's first Grand Moff, and regional Governor of the Outer Rim. With this responsibility, he was also given oversight of the Death Star which he took command over after removing Orson Krennic from the position once it was operational. He believed that fear of the battle station would keep the local systems loyal to the Empire, and used it to destroy Alderaan to showcase the station's power. The Rebel Alliance squad Rogue One, however, stole the plans to the Death Star from Scarif, and Luke Skywalker was able to destroy it during the Battle of Yavin, killing all those on board, including Tarkin.
3	Realizing that the Believers would likely try to interfere with any attempt to move the Pulas off-world, Qel-Bertuk devised a plan to hinder their efforts, and he summoned spacers from across the Cularin system to Almas, assembling a fleet of over 250 vessels. The Almas Jedi obtained a large number of Mandalorian iron boxes, and each box was loaded onto a different ship, with one box containing the Pulas and the others serving as decoys. Only Qel-Bertuk knew which vessel was carrying the Pulas, and he hoped that the Force-deflecting properties of the Mandalorian iron containers would confound any efforts by the Believers to use the Force to sense which box housed the relic. Once all of the containers had been loaded onto their respective ships, the fleet departed from Almas and set a course for Coruscant. As the fleet passed through the Cularin comet cloud, while it moved toward the edge of the Cularin system, a Believer-operated Z-95 Headhunter surreptitiously pursued a ship in the fleet that the cultists suspected was carrying the Pulas. The Headhunter attempted to cause the purported Pulas-carrying ship to collide with a comet fragment, which would allow the Believers to recover the artifact, but the starfighter did not succeed with its mission, and Qel-Bertuk's fleet made it to the edge of the Cularin system and entered hyperspace.[1]
3	An advanced militaristic YVH-Series battle droid, YVH 2-4S&#8212;also referred to as Two-Four-S&#8212;was produced by the company Tendrando Arms around 27 ABY, during the Yuuzhan Vong War in which the extra-galactic Yuuzhan Vong invaded the galaxy and engaged the New Republic in war. That year, the Yuuzhan Vong's shaper caste genetically engineered the dangerous voxyn beasts to hunt the Jedi Knights, who were protecting the New Republic, through the Force. Voxyn attacks soon began to take a heavy toll on the ranks of the Jedi as the beasts hunted and killed them. In response, a Jedi strike team was formed to deal with the threat, as the Jedi had discovered that the shapers were using a voxyn queen as a genetic template for all the other voxyn that they had cloned into creation. Additionally, the Jedi also found that the location where the Yuuzhan Vong were creating the voxyn was in the vicinity of the planet Myrkr, which was controlled by the invaders.[1]
3	This Featured article has been deemed sufficiently below FA standards by the Inquisitorius and will have its status removed if not up to standards by the next Inquisitorius meeting.
3	For one thousand years, the galaxy had been governed through the Galactic Republic. A democratic union centered on the capital world of Coruscant, the Republic was ruled by the Galactic Senate led by an elected Supreme Chancellor. With the assistance of the Jedi Order acting as peacekeepers, the Republic enjoyed a millennia without large-scale war. However, as time went on, the government of the Republic became weak and corrupt.[1]
3	In the years leading up to the Mandalorian Wars, the Hidden Beks and the Black Vulkars were two of the largest and most active swoop gangs on the Outer Rim world of Taris, roaming the planet's Lower City on swoop bikes and on foot. When Mandalore brought about the escalation of the conflict by attacking the Galactic Republic across three fronts,[1] his Mandalorian clans laid siege to Taris, eventually succeeding in invading and occupying the planet. As a result the Beks, under the leadership of Gadon Thek, began to cooperate with other elements of the Taris Resistance, led by Constable Noana Sowrs. The Beks and Sowers' group were brought together by the Snivvian con-artist and erstwhile guerrilla fighter Marn Hierogryph. The Vulkars, on the other hand, stayed out of the resistance, only engaging in piecemeal attacks on the Mandalorian invaders.[4][5][6] Superior numbers and tactics on the part of the Mandalorian Neo-Crusaders ultimately proved to be too effective, and the resistance was largely broken up.[7] Eventually, however, military forces of the Galactic Republic, led by the Jedi Knights Revan and Malak, drove the Neo-Crusaders from Taris, restoring Republic control and bringing about law and order. The peace they brought, however, did not last for long.[1]
3	Content approaching. Queen's Shadow, Catalyst: A Rogue One Novel, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Rise of the Separatists, Collapse of the Republic–class.
3	From time to time, the Wookieepedia community will discuss and pass policy changes or come to consensus on certain issues. Such decisions will be noted here, as will proposed ideas from the Consensus track.
3	Vader and Tagge soon attacked and defeated a group of pirates who utilized custom droideka security droids provided to them by a Doctor Chelli Aphra.[15] Vader had been impressed with the droidekas and began a search for Aphra, eventually locating her on the asteroid space station Quarantine World III. The archaeologist also gave Vader two assassin droids, 0-0-0&#8212;commonly known as Triple-Zero&#8212;and BT-1, also known as Beetee, to help. Vader revealed that he needed private resources of his own to capture the operative and the Rebel: unquestionably loyal battle droids. Aphra understood, and using information she had been given by the Droid Gotra, a criminal syndicate, she explained that a Geonosian queen had survived her homeworld's sterilization and possessed a droid factory. Vader agreed to her choice,[1] and they left for the old warzone of Geonosis aboard Aphra's starship, the Ark Angel.[5]
3	In 5000 BBY, hyperspace explorer Jori Daragon returned to her home planet of Koros Major after she had escaped from the long-isolated Sith Empire. Jori, sneaking into Koros system ruler Empress Teta's palace, warned the monarch that the Sith were preparing to wage war on the Galactic Republic in an expansionist endeavor.[3] Shortly afterward, a large part of Dark Lord of the Sith Naga Sadow's force, led by Sith apprentice Gav Daragon, Jori's brother, gathered in the Koros system. A meeting was held in Teta's palace, where the Empress appointed Vontaige, one of her top advisors and generals, to help lead her forces against the Sith on Koros Major. Although many of the fleet's warships had been destroyed or damaged in the recent Koros Unification Wars, Teta believed that they could still make a good accounting of themselves. The citizens of Koros Major were determined to defend the world with their lives and launched their battleships. The Koros military began to take up defensive positions inside the capital city of Cinnagar, and even Teta herself began preparing for battle, donning a heavy suit of battle armor and wielding a large lance. Jori Daragon also armed herself with a protosaber that had been given to her by Jedi Knight Odan-Urr.[1]
3	After Erso's liberation, the Alliance employed her to make contact with her father, discovering that he had deliberately left a crucial weakness in the Death Star's design as an act of sabotage. In an effort to retrieve the Death Star's schematics needed to pinpoint that weak spot, Melshi helped Andor assemble a ragtag group of volunteers dubbed "Rogue One." The squad then set off on a mission to the Imperial security complex on the planet Scarif, where the plans were being stored. During the subsequent battle on the planet, Melshi and the rest of Rogue One successfully obtained the Death Star plans, but they all gave their lives to ensure the mission's success.
3	Content approaching. Raiders of the Lost Gundark, Monster Misunderstanding, Queen's Shadow, The Imposter Inside, Forces of Destiny: Daring Adventures: Volume 1, The Starfighter Stunt, Unexpected Company, Age of Republic - Padmé Amidala 1, Thrawn: Alliances, So Much More, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, Vader Immortal: A Star Wars VR Series, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith 22, Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith 25, Bloodline–class.
3	Luke Skywalker, a Force-sensitive human male, was a legendary Jedi Master who fought in the Galactic Civil War during the reign of the Galactic Empire. Along with his companions, Princess Leia Organa and Captain Han Solo, Skywalker served on the side of the Alliance to Restore the Republic&#8212;an organization committed to the downfall of Emperor Palpatine and the restoration of democracy. Following the war, Skywalker became a living legend, and was remembered as one of the greatest Jedi in galactic history.
3	Leader of the dark side Krath cult of the Empress Teta system, Sith Lord Ulic Qel-Droma desired the vessels for use in the coming war between the Sith Brotherhood and the Republic. He gathered his fleet, bolstered by the Crusaders of his newly-sworn ally Mandalore the Indomitable, and set out for the Foerost shipyards. Upon arrival, the lover of Qel-Droma, sorceress Aleema Keto, conjured a Force illusion that disguised the Krath armada as a single, large vessel, called the "Golthar's Sky." The illusion, which thwarted the monitors' sensor systems and gave the impression of a massive vessel exiting hyperspace, approached the shipyards and requested clearance to dock for repairs. Dock supervisors in Tower Bravo noticed the ship's density and offered to dispatch an inspection crew, as none of the Foerost docks were able to support the vessel.[1]
3	Padmé Amidala, also known as Padmé Amidala Naberrie, was a human female senator who represented the people of Naboo during the final years of the Galactic Republic. Prior to her career in the Galactic Senate, Amidala was the elected ruler of the Royal House of Naboo. A political idealist, she advocated for the preservation of democracy as well as a peaceful resolution to the Clone Wars. However, her secret marriage to the Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker would have a lasting effect on the future of the galaxy for decades to come.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
3	The Chancellor's machinations culminated in the execution of Order 66, a secret protocol that turned the Jedi's clone soldiers against them, leading to an all but total extermination of the Jedi Order. With the Jedi eliminated, Sidious supplanted a thousand years of democracy with a new government known as the Galactic Empire. In addition, Sidious succeeded in turning Anakin Skywalker&#8212;the prophesied Chosen One who was destined to bring balance to the Force by destroying the Sith&#8212;to the dark side and anointed him Darth Vader. As a Sith Lord, the former Jedi Knight served the self-proclaimed Galactic Emperor by hunting down the few surviving Jedi who dispersed into hiding across the galaxy. In spite of the Sith's efforts, however, the Jedi continued to endure. Within a generation of the Empire's rise to power, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda&#8212;both of whom survived the initial purge of the Order&#8212;trained Vader's son, Luke Skywalker, in the Jedi arts. Redeemed by his son's love, Anakin returned to the light and fulfilled his destiny as the Chosen One, destroying both himself and his Master during the Battle of Endor.
3	Throughout the war, Chewbacca and Solo fought the Empire in a number of engagements, including an assault on Cymoon 1 and the battle on Vrogas Vas. Along with Princess Organa and C-3PO, they escaped from Echo Base on the planet Hoth after the Empire tracked the Rebel Alliance there. The group sought refuge with Lando Calrissian, an old friend of Solo's, on Cloud City, but Calrissian betrayed them and turned them over to Darth Vader, the Emperor's chief enforcer, after his city was threatened. Solo was frozen in carbonite and Calrissian helped the others escape, but they were too late to save the frozen Solo from being taken by Boba Fett to Jabba the Hutt. Chewbacca and Calrissian set off to find Solo and located him in Jabba's Palace on Tatooine, where Chewbacca and his friends saved Solo and destroyed Jabba. Shortly thereafter, they fought in the Battle of Endor, where Chewbacca helped destroy the shield generator and allowed the Alliance Fleet to destroy the Death Star II. The Emperor was killed aboard the battle station, delivering a crippling blow to the Empire.
1	Efter generationers af galaktisk overlegenhed, faldt Infinite Empire fra hinanden. Småuenigheder mellem interne factions brød pludselig ud med den ødelæggende Rakatan Borgerkrig som var skyldt af Star Forge's indflydelse på Rakatanerne. I 25,200 BBY, midt under borgerkrigen da alle var svagest, brød en epidemi ud. Den ramte kun folk i deres egne rækker, og menes at være fra en af slave racerne. Den voldsomme sygdom udryddede næsten alle Rakataerne og bragte Infitite Empire i knæ.
3	Ka'hane, meanwhile, received a message from his true master, Vilia Calimondra, who wished for her grandchildren, Daiman and Odion, to unite their forces and destroy Bactra. Ka'hane delivered the message, and Daiman and Odion immediately turned on Bactra, whose forces were observing the battle near Gazzari's sun. Bactra's ships retreated into hyperspace with Daiman and Odion in pursuit, while the Diligence, too damaged to continue fighting and crowded with the student refugees, made for Byllura, a planet located in another Sith state. Following the battle, the brothers invaded and conquered Bactra's territory, and Odion captured Bactra's capital.
2	Padmé Amidala (46 f.s.Y. - 19 f.s.Y.) ble født med navnet Padmé Naberrie. Amidala var et formelt navn på den tidligere dronningen av Naboo. Som barn var hun talentfull, og hadde en god utdannelse. I en alder av 14 år ble hun valgt til dronning av Naboo.
1	Da Mandalorianerne bevægede sig ind på Republikkens områder blev Taris belejret. Det var under denne tid at Xor, en slavehandler, der havde arbejdet sammen med Mandalorianerne på Cathar, provokerede Juhanis far til kamp. Xor drabte ham, men Juhani og hendes mor flygtede. Juhanis mor blev dog aldrig den samme. Hendes livglæde var begyndt at forsvinde. For at kunne brødføde hende selv og Juhani, arbejdede hun intensivt og hårdt. Det var dog stadig ikke nok, så hun begyndte at låne penge fra The Exchange, hvor hun gjorde alt for at spare penge til hende og Juhani. Hun gav det meste af maden til Juhani, hvilket forårsagede at hun begyndte at fallere. En dag kollapsede Juhanis mor i den kantine hun arbejdede i. Hun kom sig aldrig, fordi de ikke havde penge nok til en læge.[1]
2	Flere år etter at krigen av over reiste Kreia, Revans gamle Mester til Malachor V på søken etter det som hadde fått lærlingen hennes til å gå over til den mørke siden. Som Revan ble hun forledet av den mørke sidens energi som strømmet gjennom planeten; i hemmelighet tok hun navnet Darth Traya og begynte og trene nye studenter i den mørke siden ved Trayus Akademiet som hadde fått stått uberørt av krigens herjinger og den påfølgende ødeleggelsen skapt av Masse Skygge Generatoren. Blant hennes første studenter var Darth Sion og Darth Nihilus som snart ble mektig nok til og styrte henne. De tre Sithfyrstene formet en allianse mot Jediene, men de to lærlingene brøt alliansen og Darth Traya ble styrtet, strippet for kreftene sine og eksilert fra Malachor.
1	Jango Fett var en dusørjæger, lejemorder, lejesoldat og far til Boba Fett, en genetisk klon af ham selv, som han opfostrede som sin søn. Som et Menneske fra Concord Dawn blev Fett adopteret af de legendariske mandalorianerkrigere efter hans forældres død i 58 BBY. Adskillige år senere leder han dem gennem en stor del af Mandalorianer Borgerkrigen.
3	Whereas Gene Roddenberry's Star Trek, a science fantasy franchise that has enjoyed long-lasting popularity in American popular culture, is portrayed by its makers to appear as a rational and progressive approach to storytelling, Star Wars has a strong mythic quality alongside its political and scientific elements.
3	As part of Mandalore's terms, both he and Qel-Droma, along with their respective armies, were to meet on the Deep Core world of Kuar, on the Plains of Harkul,[2] which the Mandalorians had raided and established camps upon years earlier.[4] Believing that he could stunt Qel-Droma's use of the Force, Mandalore waited until just before the fight to advise the Sith Lord that the duel would not take place on the ground; instead, it would take place far above the plains of Harkul on a network of linked chains. Likewise, Mandalore advised those listening that to even the odds against a Jedi, he would be allowed to use his customized Basilisk war droid, while Qel-Droma would not be allowed any type of mount.[2]
3	"Crusher"[2] Roodown was an Abednedo[1] male who for years was one of the best scavengers operating out of Niima Outpost on the planet Jakku, where he would bring his junk to trade with the junk dealer Unkar Plutt, the outpost's proprietor. After Roodown and Plutt had a dispute, Plutt sent his thugs to cut off the scavenger's arms[2] in the belief that Roodown was selling salvage to another buyer.[4]
3	Intending to bring an end to her treason, Kel tracked Kressh to Lenico Colony Blue, where he found her emerging from her state of suspended animation. The two quickly entered into combat, and although Kel fought ferociously, Kressh's superior lightsaber skills and command of the dark side of the Force overwhelmed the young apprentice. The melee resulted in extensive damage to the station's medical facilities and superstructure, crippling the satellite and forcing its denizens to evacuate. Although Kel attempted to defend himself for a time, he was severely wounded and his bid to capture the Emperor's rogue apprentice ultimately failed. Kressh allowed her adversary to flee from the engagement before continuing to ruin Lenico Colony Blue and send it hurtling toward the surface of Lenico IV. In doing so, she covered her own flight from the facility and trapped Kel and her other pursuers on the surface of the dead world, granting herself time to continue her treason and further subvert the Emperor's goals.
3	Please note that while the target audience of The Clone Wars series is a somewhat younger audience, this is by no means a hindrance to our goal. We still expect the same amount of quality that would be expected of any other Star Wars articles, which includes acceptable spelling and grammar.
3	The first writing style covered by Vorgan was Aurebesh, the most widespread and common visual alphabet in the galaxy. To illustrate, the article provided a chart of the Aurebesh characters aligned with their analogues in the High Galactic alphabet. The doctor discussed the various levels of inconsistencies inherent in the form, partly borne from the fact that despite originating with Coruscanti Humans, the script had been influenced by several non-Human cultures who had only recently entered the wider galactic community. The inconsistencies and similarities of Aurebesh to the non-Human writing styles had been a mystery to scientists, until the more recent archaeological discoveries of a pre-Republic force, the Rakatan Infinite Empire. Artifacts from the Empire had been found to bear symbols closely resembling the Aurebesh characters, and Vorgan noted that this likely indicated that it was the Rakatans who had provided the basis for modern Aurebesh and its variants. This was apparently in spite of the fact that the Rakatan writing was logographic&#8212;the species enslaved by the Infinite Empire merely adopted the symbols for their own use without any connection to their Rakatan significance. As a result, several different writing forms stemmed from the same Rakatan origins.[1]
1	Darth Plagueis, med det borgerlige navn Hego Damask, var en Sith fyrste af Muun racen født på planeten Mygeeto. Han var trænet af Darth Tenebrous, og blev siden hen mester til Darth Sidious, den fremtidige kejser Palpatine. Offentligt, i rollen som Damask, var Plagueis en velhavende forretningsmand og leder af gruppen Damask Holdings, og hans rigdom og ressourcer var, sammen hans intellekt og politiske snilde, essentielle for Sith ordenens nøje tilrettelagte plan om at opnå kontrol over galaksen.
2	Handelsføderasjonen var en handelsorganisasjon med monopol på intergalaktisk handel, og ble stiftet i år 350 f.s.Y. Den var lite populær, av flere årsaker, blant annet fordi den hadde full representasjon i senatet. Den kunne holde fast på monopolet blant annet ved å ikke dele sine særdeles gode kart over hyperromruter. Føderasjonen brukte i stor grad droider som arbeidskraft, fordi det var kostnadseffektivt.
2	Sent i krigen ble 501. Legion sent til Mygeeto for å befri planeten sammen med Jedi-general Ki-Adi Mundi, selv om deres hemmelige oppdrag for Palpatine var å skaffe en kraftkjerne fra CIS som senere ble brukt i dødstjernen.
3	Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan &amp; Anakin Adventure, Unexpected Company, Star Wars: Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith, Ahsoka, Thrawn: Alliances, Thrawn: Treason, Vader Immortal: A Star Wars VR Series, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars: Doctor Aphra Book V: The Catastrophe Con, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars 67, Doctor Aphra 35, Star Wars: Doctor Aphra Book VIII: A Rogue's End, Star Wars Book XIV: Rebels and Rogues, Star Wars: Target Vader, In Service to the Empire, Star Wars 1, Aftermath: Empire's End, Bloodline, Age of Resistance - Kylo Ren 1, Force Collector, The Dark Wraith, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: The Visual Dictionary, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, Star Wars: Target Vader, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
3	In addition to his occupation as a mechanic and shopkeeper, Yeager was the leader of a racing team known as Team Fireball, which consisted of a younger generation of starship pilots. During the cold war, his team accepted the New Republic pilot Kazuda Xiono as the newest addition to their ranks. Although Yeager permitted Xiono to work as a member of his crew, he knew the young pilot was, in fact, a spy for the Resistance and wanted no part in their conflict with the First Order.
3	After the stories of Jango and Boba Fett, another warrior emerges in the Star Wars universe. The Mandalorian is set after the fall of the Empire and before the emergence of the First Order. We follow the travels of a lone gunfighter in the outer reaches of the galaxy far from the authority of the New Republic....[9]
2	Født på Mon Gazza i den Ytre Ringen som sønn av Ashielle og Sembric Skamini, Zett ble identifisert som en Kraftsensitiv like etter at han ble født og ble sendt til Jediordenen.
3	The Battle of Corellia was a large-scale conflict that occurred on the planet Corellia in 3641 BBY during the Galactic War between the reconstituted Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic. As the peace brought by the Treaty of Coruscant collapsed into open war, the Sith Lord Darth Decimus led an invasion force to the prestigious Core World, sparking a lengthy fight for control. Darth Decimus's invasion force descended on the planet after months of planning and the forming of alliances with the Corellian Council, who declared Corellia's allegiance to the Empire as the Imperials arrived in the world's skies. However, pockets of civilian resistance soon began to spring up, organized by the Corellian Security Force and the native Green Jedi, and the Empire quickly discovered that the Corellians would not accept Imperial rule so easily.
3	By default, the Special:Upload page operates in "basic" mode, which will preload the code of the required &#123;&#123;information&#125;&#125; template but does not prevent files from being uploaded with missing information. However, we have provided a more user-friendly form which can be accessed by by clicking "switch to guided upload form" in the top-right corner of the purple box.
3	A battle took place during the Freedon Nadd Uprising, in the year 3998 BBY, that pitted the combined forces of the Jedi Order and the Beast Riders of Onderon against the dark side-empowered army commanded by King Ommin of Iziz. Being the first battle of that conflict, it commenced during the funeral procession of Ommin's wife, the Sith sorceress Queen Amanoa, as a group of Jedi Knights led by Jedi Master Arca Jeth prepared to transport both Amanoa's sarcophagus and that of the ancient Dark Lord Freedon Nadd to a newly constructed mausoleum on the far side of Onderon's jungle moon, Dxun.
2	Zabrak vil vanligvis ta deres navn fra dyr hører hjemme i Iridonia, med mange Zabrak familier oppkalt etter Bükk. Mange Zabrak menn ble oppkalt etter den Blok, Lok, og Zur.Mange Zabrak kvinner var kjent for å ta sitt navn fra TRIZ. [1]
3	Before the Awakening, Tracker Trouble, Perilous Pursuit, Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, Shuttle Shock, Poe Dameron 26, Poe Dameron 27, Poe Dameron 28, Resistance Reborn, Allegiance 1, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Spark of the Resistance, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker
1	Den kendte galaktiske civilisation gik normalt helt ud til kanten af galaksen&#8212;for eksempel gik Corporate Sector terretoriet helt ud til enden af Tingel Arm. Men i den "vestre" side af Galaksen var en stor del ukortlagt. Ca 15% af Galaksen lå i de Ukendte Regioner.[1]
3	Following the outbreak of the First Order–Resistance war, the First Order, a remnant of the Old Empire, launched a campaign to destroy former Rebellion bases in order to deny them to the insurgent Resistance. A First Order Star Destroyer traveled to Aeos Prime and attempted to destroy the rebel base. They instead attacked the nearby Aeosian village, wounding several people and forcing them to evacuate underground.[3]
3	Ruescott Melshi was a human male member of the Alliance to Restore the Republic during the early days of rebellion against the Galactic Empire. An experienced soldier and infiltrator, Melshi served as a sergeant in[5] the Pathfinders branch[3] of the Alliance Special Forces. During his time with the rebels, Melshi became a good friend of Captain Cassian Andor, a member of Rebel Alliance Intelligence Service.[5] As an infiltrator, Melshi often had to perform dirty work in the name of the Rebellion.[2]
3	Everyone can edit pages in Wookieepedia&#8212;even this page! Just click the Edit link at the top of any page (except for protected pages) if you think it needs any improvement or new information. You don't need anything special; you don't even need to be logged in. If you want to experiment first, without risk of "messing up" a real article, head over to the sandbox, where you can practice editing to your heart's content.  To practice editing an existing page like this one, just copy and paste it from the article's edit page into the sandbox.
1	Efter at være vendt tilbage til Los Angeles arbejdede Williams bl.a. for den legendariske komponist Alfred Newman hos filmselskabet 20th Century Fox og som pianist for Columbia Pictures' orkester. Samtidig fortsatte han sine musikstudier, bl.a. under den italienske komponist Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco.
3	During the Battle of Christophsis, an investigation led by Clone Captain Rex and Clone Commander Cody revealed that troop movements had been relayed to Separatist forces, allowing the enemy to preemptively attack Republic strike teams. The traitor was identified as the clone trooper sergeant nicknamed "Slick," and was apprehended, though not before he was able to significantly damage the base's weapons depot.[1]
2	Separatistene truer med å splitte galaksen i to. Padme Amidala, som er en motstander av å lage en hær til beskyttelse av Republikken, kommer tilbake til Coruscant for å stemme over forslaget i senatet. Når hun kommer til Coruscant blir hun forsøkt myrdet, men forsøket blir mislykket.
3	The series begins five years before Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope, fourteen years into the reign of the Galactic Empire.[23][24] The general premise is described as follows:
1	Baron Orman Tagge brugte sine umådelige resourcer fra TaggeCo til at udvikle våben til at besejre Alliancen på Yavin. Det første var en rumstation i gasplaneten Yavin der lavede en tunnel gennem gassen så TIE-fighterne kunne komme igennem, den blev kaldt Achtnak Turbine Station. TIE Fighterere brugte stationen som en base under deres belejring af Yavin IV. Denne station blev ødelagt af Luke Skywalker.
3	There is a separate template for multiple speakers, so take note, and examine the wiki code in other nominations if you're having trouble. As an example, use this for a simple two-line dialogue:
2	Form II er en teknikk beregnet for lyssabel mot lyssabel-kamp. Det er en form kjent for sin eleganse, kraft og dødelige presisjon - den krever enormt fokus. Da jedier møter på svært lite lyssabel mot lyssabel-kamp bruker få formen, fordi den er lite praktisk.
1	I begyndelsen af år 22 BBY, var Fisto en af de to hundrede Jedier, som blev sendt til Geonosis for at hjælpe Jedierne Obi-Wan Kenobi og Anakin Skywalker, samt senatoren Padmé Amidala, som alle var blevet taget til fange af Separatisterne. Under det intense slag i arenaen brugte Fisto på et tidspunkt kløgtigt Kraften til at immobilisere to fjendtlige droider (hvoraf den ene, ved en fejl, havde C-3POs hoved påsat), hvorpå nautolaneren smilte bredt - et karakteristika for Jedien. Han var en af blot cirka 30 Jedier, som overlevede slaget. Efterfølgende kæmpede han, med et hold nyankomne kloner under sin kommando, uden for arenaen.
3	Content approaching. The Rise of Kylo Ren 1, The Rise of Kylo Ren 2, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, The Last Jedi Adaptation 1, Star Wars: Absolutely Everything You Need to Know, Updated and Expanded, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary–class.
1	Det Andet slag om Jabiim under den Galaktiske Borgerkrig, var slutningen på en lang konflikt på Jabiim mellem Imperiet og de lokale oprørere, der fandt sted i årtierne efter Klonkrigene sluttede.
3	Inspired by films like the Flash Gordon serials and the samurai films of Akira Kurosawa, as well as such critical works as Joseph Campbell's The Hero with a Thousand Faces and Frank Herbert's Dune books, Lucas began work on Star Wars in 1974. Ground-breaking in its use of special effects, this is considered to be among the most successful&#8212;and most influential&#8212;films of all time. Produced with a budget of US$11,000,000 and released on May 25, 1977, the film became one of the most successful of all time, earning $215 million in the United States and $337 million overseas during its original theatrical release, as well as winning several film awards, including 10 Academy Award nominations. It was re-released several times, sometimes with significant changes; the most notable versions were the 1997 Special Edition and the 2004 DVD, which were modified with CGI effects and recreated scenes. It was re-released in the Blu-ray format in September of 2011. The film was selected to be preserved by the Library of Congress as part of its National Film Registry. The film was selected in 1989, the program's first year in existence.
2	R2-D2 var en astromekanikerdroide med heroiske trekk. Han ble bygget av Naboos kongelige ingeniører, og arbeidet for dronningen. Da Naboo ble blokkert av Handelsføderasjonen, og dronning  Amidala og følge måtte flykte gjennom blokaden, var det R2 som gjorde dette mulig, gjennom å redde skjoldet på skipet deres.
1	Skibet var udstyret med gravity well projectors designet til trække skibe fra hyperspace og/eller stoppe dem fra at hoppe til Hyperrummet.  Interdictor skibene blev meget værdifulde for den Kejserlige Flåde.
1	C-3PO viser også evnen til at lyve (hovedsagelig begunstiger et menneske gruppe frem for en anden), [ hvornår? ] give ham en mere selvstændig kapacitet til at tænke end tegn underlagt Isaac Asimovs tre love for Robotics . [4]
3	During the Jedi Civil War, the amnesiac former Dark Lord of the Sith, Revan, along with Republic officer and pilot Carth Onasi, became trapped on Taris after their ship, the Hammerhead-class cruiser Endar Spire, was destroyed in the space above Taris. While searching for the missing Jedi Knight Bastila Shan, who had also been aboard the vessel and whose battle meditation was considered vital to the Republic war effort, they became caught up in the conflict. After learning that Shan&#8212;who had been captured from her escape pod by the Vulkars&#8212;was being offered up as the prize to the winner of the Tarisian Season Opener, Revan and Onasi sided with the Hidden Beks, and infiltrated the Black Vulkar Base in order to reacquire a swoop bike prototype accelerator that the Vulkars had earlier stolen from the Beks; the accelerator was considered crucial by both gangs for whoever made use of it would gain an advantage in the competition. Revan himself volunteered to race on behalf of the Beks. After winning the race, Revan and Shan, who had freed herself from captivity through use of the Force, squared off against Brejik and the Black Vulkars at the track. This scuffle resulted in the death of Brejik.
3	Wilhuff Tarkin was a human male who served the Galactic Republic and later the Galactic Empire. During the Clone Wars, Tarkin served as a Republic captain under Jedi Master Even Piell and was taken prisoner by the Confederacy of Independent Systems, before escaping with the help of a Jedi and clone trooper strike team. During the incident Piell was killed and Tarkin was later promoted to Admiral and served as prosecutor in the trial of Ahsoka Tano, who was framed for the bombing of the Jedi Temple hangar.
2	Det var kjent at Leia hadde blitt adoptert inn i den kongelige familien. Det som ikke var kjent var at hun var Anakin Skywalkers datter, nå Darth Vaders. Hun hadde blitt født i hemmelighet, og blitt gjemt for Keiseren og Vader. Leia hadde også en tvillingbror,  Luke, som ble gjemt på Tatooine i nærheten av Obi-Wan Kenobi.
2	Jabbas umoralskhet var legendarisk. Han lot seg underholde ved å torturere og ved å gjøre narr av sine ofre. Til tronen sin hadde han lenket lettkledde jenter for sin egen tilfredsstillelse. Hvis jentene skulle motsette seg ham, ville han ikke tenke seg mye om, før han sendte dem rett i en forferdelig død. For eksempel ble den vakre twi'lek-en Oola, sendt rett ned til det forferdelige monsteret under Jabbas trone.
1	R2-D2 var en astromech droid, der var 0.96 meter høj. Han rullede på sine to ben (tre, hvis man tæller hans 'klap-ud fod' med) og have en sølv- og blåfarvet kuppel. Hans hvide, blå og sølvfarvede krop indeholdt mange værktøjer, sensorer, og andre redskaber.
3	The Sith Empire, largely uninhibited by the Republic, launched a massive invasion of the Minos Cluster the same year.[1] In 3680 BBY,[2] the Jedi, refusing to sit idle as the Sith ravaged the Outer Rim, organized a fleet of battle cruisers to ferry their Knights to the Minos Cluster and defend its people. These developments proved to be a tipping point, and immediately after the Jedi's departure, chaos broke out on Coruscant. Hysteria gripped the populace as news continued to deliver stories of Imperial conquests that horrified many Coruscanti. Some organized mass political rallies in favor of the war effort, while others gathered to demand restraint in the fight against the Sith. Meanwhile, riots and looting wracked sections of the Galactic City, all stemming from fears of the Empire's march toward the Core Worlds.[1]
3	The film was first announced as a Han Solo picture in 2015, along with the news that Phil Lord and Christopher Miller would be the film's directors. Principal photography began in January 2017, after which creative differences arose between the two directors and the studio. They were replaced by Ron Howard, who was tasked with completing principal photography along with what was reported to be extensive re-shoots.
1	Ifølge de officielle statistikker havde Imperial-class Star Destroyerne mindst 37,000 officerer og besætning. Sammen med stormtrooperne (en division eller legion, 9,700 mænd) giver det 46,700. Dette indeholder stormtroopere, starfighter piloter, og support skibs piloter.[2]
3	Coppertop was the name assumed by a B1 battle droid who served in the Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems. During the Clone Wars, the battle droid participated in a battle on the planet Bogoa against the forces of the Galactic Republic, a rival state to the Confederacy. There, the droid was selected as the subject for an experiment enacted by the Confederate leader Count Dooku, to test the willingness of a programmed being to disregard its primary protocols. As the droid marched into battle, the directive Order 99 was issued to the mechanical soldier, which compelled the droid to ignore its orders to kill as a part of the Confederate war machine.
3	Charal used it to great effect during her service to the Sanyassan Marauders, a band of Sanyassan pirates. However, the Talisman was later seized by the Marauders' leader, King Terak, who wore it around his neck. Eventually, the ring was destroyed in an encounter with the moon's native Ewoks. The great power of the ring was unleashed upon Terak, burning him to death. As Charal was flying around in raven form during the fight, the untimely destruction of the Talisman trapped her in this shape with no hope of escape.
3	The Ghost was pursued by several TIE fighters, leading to a brief firefight throughout the atmosphere and into space. The ship was able to escape into hyperspace before returning to Lothal, where it scrambled its signal so it could not be recognized. The rebels brought many of the crates, which also contained food and other supplies, to a refugee settlement called Tarkintown, where the rebels provided it for free to the refugees. Jarrus and Hera Syndulla, the crew's captain, delivered the blasters to Vizago, who paid them both in money and in information&#8212;specifically, the potential whereabouts of Wookiees who had been enslaved by the Empire, leading the rebels to undertake a mission to rescue them. Bridger later joined the crew, having found an adopted family in them as a result of the heist.
3	Beckett and his gang were held at gunpoint by Dvorad and his ship until a creature attacked. As his gang and Dvorad fought the creature, Beckett boarded the ship and fought his way past Dvorad's guards. Aboard, Beckett was able to find the the chips and make his way back to Val and Durant in order to make their escape before the creature pulled Dvorad's ship into the depths. As they left, Beckett shot down Durant's idea about keeping some of the chips for themselves instead of giving all of them to Crimson Dawn's leader, Dryden Vos. Beckett then summoned the Rampart and left Hovun IV.[4]
1	Luke blev født på asteroidekolonien Polis Massa ikke lang tid efter starten på den store Jedi Jagt (The Great Jedi Purge) og efter skabelsen af det Galaktiske Imperium. Han blev født få minutter før sin tvillingesøster Leia og kort før deres mor, Padmé døde.[2]
3	Dryden Vos was the public face of the crime syndicate Crimson Dawn, one of the most ruthless criminal syndicates in the galaxy during the reign of the Galactic Empire. However, when he was alone, he used to communicate via hologram with the shadowy leader of Crimson Dawn, the Zabrak crime lord known as Maul,[1] former Sith apprentice of Darth Sidious,[4] the Sith persona of Sheev Palpatine, the Galactic Emperor.[5] To do so, Vos used a ring to activate the hologram panel.[1] Vos acquired a Kalevalan yacht known as the First Light, where he had a study filled with several relics, including a slab of an obsidian stone he plundered from a Sith temple.[2]
3	By February 15, 2006, Lucasfilm Animation was working on animation tests and initial scripts, with Lucas playing a large part in the entire process.[55][4] The crew used Autodesk software to animate both the film and the series. The Maya 3D modeling program was used to create highly detailed worlds, characters and creatures.[56] Script, character design and art direction were completed at ILM, with the animation and rendering done at Lucasfilm Animation Singapore, and also Polygon Pictures between 2011 and 2013.[57] No rotoscoping was involved, however, ILM did use motion capture. The final assembly of each episode was done at Skywalker Ranch.[58] Lucas's involvement resulted in rewrites of most of the scripts, as Lucas insisted on more character development and that the show should not be based in one location, but as many as possible so as to make the story as interesting as possible to the viewer.[9] The animation style was inspired by 1960s-era puppets-in-space serials such as Gerry Anderson's Thunderbirds,[59] as well as the character designs from the original Clone Wars series.[60] Each episode of The Clone Wars was designed to be stand-alone, with an opening narration and moral to each story.[61] In terms of story and cinematography, the series was directed as if it were a live-action series,[4] and the episodes were produced in widescreen.[62] Writer Henry Gilroy gained inspiration for the episode titles from the pulpy adventure sci-fi serials of the 1930s.[63] The series utilized unused ideas from Lucas' previous Star Wars projects.[50] Paul Dini pitched at least two rejected ideas for episodes: One involved Jar Jar Binks trying to convince the Galactic Senate that there is life on an obscure planet, and the other involved Anakin Skywalker and Padmé Amidala hiring an Ewok assassin.[64]
2	Grievous var gjemt i katakombene på Geonosis under slaget. Han eskorterte Sepratistrådsmedlemmene til sikkerhet og sørget for at ingen jedier levde til å fortelle om han.
1	Imperiet nåede deres klimaks omkring 49,000 BBY. De brugte deres deres mørke side til at lave teknologier for Infinite Empire, hvilket dominerede galaksen for tusinde af år, og gjorde mange andre racer til deres slaver som for eksempel Duros, Selkath og Mennesker.
3	On March 11, 2013, a video appeared on StarWars.com, in which the crew explained that they were "winding down" the production of the series, and that they had finished the active production of new episodes.[66] Lucasfilm Story Group's Pablo Hidalgo stated that there were 13 story arcs left unfinished.[67] Writer Brent Friedman revealed on his Twitter account that scripts for the unproduced seasons 7 and 8 had been written prior to the series' cancellation.[68] James Arnold Taylor, Obi-Wan Kenobi's voice actor, has stated that prior to the series' cancellation, the actors had recorded at least two remaining unproduced seasons.[69] Had the series been allowed to continue, its final episode would have taken place during and after the events of Revenge of the Sith.[70] Since the end of the series, both Leland Chee and the official blog have posted chronological lists of episodes.[71][72]
3	In 0 BBY, during the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire and more than a decade before Rey's birth, her voice was heard by Padawan Ezra Bridger during his brief visit to the world between worlds&#8212;a place that existed beyond time and space.[9]
3	The Battle of Gazzari took place in 1032 BBY during the second Charge Matrica. Following the destruction of a Daimanate testing facility, the Sith Lord Daiman planned to ambush his brother, Odion, at the planet Gazzari. Daiman allowed the captured Bothan Narsk Ka'hane, who was responsible for the destruction of the facility, to overhear a conversation between Daiman and the Sith Lord Ayanos Bactra, who agreed to deliver an arxeum mobile university to Gazzari. Daiman then allowed Ka'hane to escape and flee to his master, Odion, to alert him of the meeting. Unaware that Jedi Knight Kerra Holt had stowed aboard his ship, Daiman traveled to Gazzari with several mercenaries&#8212;including Jarrow Rusher, Mak Medagazy, and a Nosaurian mercenary&#8212;whom he had hired for the ambush. After Daiman's forces had assembled themselves on the ridges of a massive crater, Bactra arrived at the planet with the arxeum, which landed in the crater along with four transports filled with students.
3	After the First Order had occupied the Colossus, Dameron returned to Castilon to pick up BB-8, who had been assigned with him on a mission to Jakku. He told Xiono that he had brought along CB-23 so she could take BB-8's place on his mission. After Xiono showed Dameron intel about First Order activity in a star system, Dameron decided to bring Xiono along to check out the system. CB-23 rode in Dameron's X-wing for the mission. When the pilots landed on a formerly inhabited moon, Dameron asked CB-23 to stay with his X-wing and the Fireball and keep them ready in case they had to leave.[4]
3	The name of the article should be bolded in its first usage in an intro, as should any alternate names mentioned in the intro. These bolded titles should not have links within them.
1	"Det er en mørk tid for galaksen, da det onde Galaktiske Imperium får fat på flere planetter. Serien begynder med at Imperiet har erobret planeten Lothal, hvor deres regering ruinere livene af beborene. Men der er en gruppe folk som er modige nok til at stå op imod de uendelige Stormtrooper og TIE fighters. Sammen vil denne gruppe bekæmpe nye skurke, gå på spændende eventyrer og blive til helte."
3	Suspecting Senator Rush Clovis was aiding the Confederacy of Independent Systems, the Jedi Council recruited Senator Padmé Amidala to spy on him. She was extracted by Skywalker following an attempted poisoning by Lott Dod, leaving Clovis behind.[4]
1	Slaget om Kalist VI, også kendt som Infiltrationen af Kalist VI, var et slag der foregik kort tid efter Slaget om Jabiim. Det var et forsøg på at redde oprørs teknikkeren Jorin Sol.
3	Born in 15 ABY during the New Republic Era, Rey's parents left her on the planet Jakku in hopes of keeping her safe from the Emperor. Though Rey longed to be reunited with her mother and father, she learned to survive on her own. Toughened by her travails in the deserts of her homeworld, Rey became a skilled mechanic, pilot, and combatant during her time as a scavenger. Her isolation ended in 34 ABY as the cold war gave way to open conflict throughout the galaxy. Having sided with the Resistance, Rey formed new friendships with Finn, a renegade stormtrooper, as well as the veterans Han Solo and Chewbacca, drawing her deeper into the galactic war that ensued from the destruction of the New Republic. In the course of her journey Rey located the legendary Jedi Master Luke Skywalker who, despite his self-imposed exile on Ahch-To, trained her in the ways of the Jedi Order. After Skywalker sacrificed his life to save the Resistance, Rey assumed his mantle as the last Jedi and became the apprentice of General Leia Organa.
3	The battle began with an assault on a mountaintop Republic stronghold while Imperial dreadnaughts set up a defensive perimeter in orbit above the planet. Malgus and Venemal led the successful incursion on foot and established a beachhead on the planet to plan for an advance on the capital city of Livien Magnus, which was heavily fortified against attack by Republic soldiers and artillery, as well as an all-enveloping ray shield. Fourteen days after their touchdown on the planet, the Imperials launched their siege of the capital, with Malgus planning on winning though attrition. A week into the onslaught, he and Venemal were joined by Lord Adraas, who traveled to the planet with platoons of battle droids under the orders of the Empire's ruling Dark Council. Although Republic infantry quickly destroyed Adraas's droids, the distraction allowed Malgus and Venemal to lead troops into the city and destroy the shield generator.
3	Content approaching. Star Wars: Return of the Jedi novel, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: Rogue One: Death Star Deluxe Book and 3D Wood Model, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary–class.
1	Det oprindelige SFS hed Republic Sienar Systems, den blev grundlagt før end 15,000 BBY, af den rige Sienar familie, formentlig på Corulag. I over et årtusind producerede de design som for eksemel Sienar Battleship og Interdictor-class cruiser. Et århundrede før Slaget om Yavin, forenede Sienars familien med Santhe famililien fra Lianna, som ejede Santhe Security, på grund af et arrangeret ægteskab. Selvom dette gav Santhe famililein en hel del status ved at forene de to firmaer til Santhe/Sienar, videnskabsfolkene fra beholdte dog kontrollen med skibsdesignet. Far og søn, Narro Sienar og Raith Sienar tjente i mange år som succesfulde CEOs i de sidste årtier under Den Gamle Republik og senere under det Galaktiske Imperium.
1	I Expanded Universe , Luke, efter sin søsters ægteskab med Han Solo og fødslen af de solo børn ( Anakin , Jacen , og Jaina ), gift Mara Jade , der havde en søn ved navn Ben .
3	During their search, L'ampar and Black Squadron visited the planets Ovanis and Megalox Beta, facing off against Terex, an agent of the First Order Security Bureau. In Black Squadron's third encounter with Terex, L'ampar sacrificed himself to protect innocent lives. A funeral was held for L'ampar at the Resistance base, where Organa and Dameron spoke highly of the Duros veteran. Later, Black Squadron's mission was completed when the pilots located Tekka in the Great Forveen Nebula.
3	Ryvora found Xiono's poor mechanical skills and dubious excuses as to why suspicious. She was further unimpressed by Xiono's apparent lack of work ethic during jobs. During one such job, for a Neimoidian named Hallion Nark, Ryvora went down to the Office of Acquisitions to drag Xiono back to the repair shop, as he had taken a long time getting apart and their client was in a hurry. Not long afterward, there was a pirate attack, and Ryvora spent it in a shelter with Yeager and Vozo. When they returned to the hangar, they found Xiono working on the Fireball, which he claimed to have been doing for the entire attack. Ryvora was skeptical but remained unaware that Xiono had covertly assisted the Aces in driving off the attack.[9]
1	Efter Adskillige uger efter Slaget om Geonosis fik Rex rang af Elite Kaptajn. I samme år blev der dannet en ny elite enhed ved navn Legion 501, hvis medlemmer havde fået en uddannelse som overgik selv ARC-tropperne. Rex fik kommandoen over Legion 501, som han fik til opgave at patruljere galaksens lovløse Outer Rim områderne. Som en del af hans udpegelse til leder af Legion 501, fik Rex sin egen gruppe ved navn Torrent Company, som blev baseret ud fra klon kaserne på Republikkens hovedstad Coruscant. Rex og hans Legion kom under kommando af den nyligt forfremmet Jedi Ridder Anakin Skywalker.
3	The secessionist movement that began in 24 BBY would lead to a political crisis in which tensions escalated between the newly-formed alliance and the reigning Republic. In 22 BBY, the Confederacy and the Republic went to war using their respective military forces&#8212;the droid army and the Republic clone army&#8212;resulting in a pan-galactic conflict for the first time in a millennium.
3	Star Wars: The Clone Wars is an animated television series set between the events of Star Wars: Episode II Attack of the Clones and Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith. The series aired on Cartoon Network for five seasons from 2008 to 2013, while an abridged sixth season was released through Netflix in 2014. On July 19, 2018, it was announced that twelve more episodes would be produced for the Disney+ streaming service and be released February 2020.
3	Phasma was a human female stormtrooper captain of the First Order. Phasma grew up as a member of the Scyre clan on the nuclear-ravaged world of Parnassos. She was a formidable warrior who became the clan's military leader. Seeking passage offworld, Phasma helped the First Order General Brendol Hux find his ship in the process betraying her own brother Keldo and clan. After being rescued, Phasma joined the First Order, abandoning her former life on Parnassos.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
2	Århundrer senere ble Malachor åsted for det siste slaget i den Mandaloriske Krigen, hvor krigens mest avskyelige gjerninger ble utført. Malachor var en tabuverden i  Mandalorisk kultur, noe som Jedigeneralen Revan brukte mot dem for og vinne krigen. Revan samlet sammen en mektig flåte av Jedier og soldater fra Republikken på planeten, noe som gav Mandalorierne et mål som var for fristende til og avslå. Som leder for styrkene sine valgte Revan en av sine beste generaler, som snart skulle bli kjent som Jedieksilet.
3	Meanwhile, the Galactic Empire had begun research into the development of Human replica droids, the project being led by Simonelle and Massad Thrumble.[3] The researchers were able to acquire both the plans and a prototype of a Human replica droid that had been developed as part of the aborted Project Decoy, possibly with Black Sun's assistance, which would serve as the basis for Guri.[1] Though Guri was originally intended to be only a prototype,[7] Xizor quickly saw the potential of the project and commissioned them to construct a Human replica droid to serve as his second in command.[1] The researchers modified Guri for Xizor's purposes and sold her to the Dark Prince.[7]
3	Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, the first installment of the Anthology series, was released in December 2016 and was well received both critically and commercially.[7] In August 2017, sources from The Hollywood Reporter reported that an Anthology film centered on Obi-Wan Kenobi starring McGregor was in development by Lucasfilm, with Billy Elliot director Stephen Daldry in early talks to direct and oversee the project.[8] Joel Edgerton, who portrayed Owen Lars in the prequel trilogy, had previously expressed interest on reprising his role in a spin-off film about Kenobi.[9] Once he was hired to helm the film, Daldry contacted Hossein Amini to talk about the possibility of joining the project.[10]
2	Yoda og  klonetroppene står inne blant noen trær og holder øye med droidene som nærmer seg. De blir oppdaget og tankser begynner å fyre av mot dem. De forsvinner ut av syne. Tanksene er for store til å følge etter og fottropper marsjerer mot jediene. Yoda og  klonene bruker en form for bakholdsangrep på droidene og ødelegger dem. Når det kommer super-kampdroider må klonene løpe i skjul. De og Yoda blir splittet. Andre droider prøver å finne Yoda, som avslører seg med vilje og greier å få dem til å ødelegge seg selv.
3	Star Wars: Episode II Attack of the Clones is a 2002 film directed by George Lucas and written by Lucas and Jonathan Hales. It is the second film in the Star Wars prequel trilogy.
3	In response to the Empire's offensive, the Republic Navy organized a fleet to retake the Tingel Arm. Ignorant of the Empire's puppet governments, the Republic haphazardly charged into the region and found itself deep in enemy territory. Republic military leaders, caught off-guard by the audacity and aggressiveness of the Sith advance, called upon every available ship in the navy to aid the fleet in the Tingel Arm, thereby leaving other strategically important regions in the galaxy undefended. Korriban stood among the worlds that lost nearly all of their military defenses,[1] and the Sith, eager to retake their home planet, decided that the holy world was a top priority in their campaign to seize the galaxy.[8]
3	Over the next decade, Skywalker rose to become one of the strongest Jedi in galactic history. While he was both caring and compassionate, his fear of loss was ultimately the catalyst for his downfall. During the war, Skywalker trained a Padawan, Ahsoka Tano, who ultimately left the Jedi Order after she was framed for the terrorist attack on the Jedi Temple. The loss of Tano affected Skywalker on a personal level, causing him to feel more isolated and bitter towards the Jedi High Council. With the Clone Wars nearing conclusion, Skywalker succumbed to the temptations of the dark side, believing the Sith had the power to save the life of Senator Padmé Amidala, his secret wife. Christened "Darth Vader" by his new Master Darth Sidious, the newly-minted Sith Lord assaulted the Coruscant Jedi Temple, killing fully-trained Jedi and novice younglings alike.
3	The Battle of Ord Radama was a major engagement of the Great Galactic War between the belligerent powers of the reconstituted Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic. Ord Radama had previously been a holding of an old Sith Empire, but had fallen under the rule of the Republic since the conclusion of the Jedi Civil War. Although it was situated within the Esstran sector in the Seat of The Empire, the planet had resisted Sith conquest in the Great Galactic War until 3660 BBY, during the Rim Campaign led by the Sith Lords Darth Malgus and Darth Venemal. That year, the two led a detachment of the Imperial naval armada to the world and began an eighty-six-day&#8211;long campaign to secure it for the Empire.
3	Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
3	Despite receiving orders from Major Lonno Deso not to intervene, Poe Dameron decided to track down the Yissira Zyde. BB-8 accompanied Poe on an errant mission to pursue the First Order. Prior to departing on the mission, Poe got his fellow pilots Karé Kun and Iolo Arana to comlink their astromech droids to his starfighter and upload all telemetry from the Suraz engagement into BB-8. Using the combined data stored in BB-8, Poe decided to randomly visit the five places that the Yissira Zyde had traveled to. At the third stop, BB-8 picked the OR-Kappa-2722 star system. BB-8 squealed in fright when their ship exited hyperspace near a fleet of First Order Navy warships.[9]
3	Approximately thirty years after the destruction of the second Death Star, Luke Skywalker, the last known surviving Jedi Master, has disappeared. Both the First Order, a successor to the fallen Galactic Empire, and the Resistance, a military force backed by the New Republic and led by Luke's twin sister, General Leia Organa, scour the galaxy in an attempt to find him.
3	Din, who had witnessed the apprentice's defeat of Callef, took on the young Jedi as his new Padawan,[7] and the pair began to investigate the Flesh Raiders' actions. After the Padawan rescued a Jedi astromech droid named T7-O1 while recovering a supply of weapons for the Twi'lek settlement of Kalikori Village,[8] the two Jedi learned from a holorecording that Bengel Morr had survived and was leading the natives.[5] After several more assignments, Din's Padawan successfully disabled a shield generator protecting the Flesh Raiders' command base while Din and several other Masters attacked the site.[6] At the command base, the Jedi discovered the locations of many other camps, forcing the Order to send out most of the Knights and Masters on the planet to eliminate them all.[1]
1	For et årtusinde siden var Republikkens Flåde ret stor, da ikke alle planeter var lige venlige for Republikken. For 4 000 år arbejdede Republikkens Flåde næsten side om side med Jedi Ordenen for at gå imod Sith Ordenen og andre angribere. Enhver planets styre kunne bede om Flådens hjælp, selvom Senatet skulle godkende hvis handlingerne varede mere end syv standard dage. De individuelle senatorer kommanderede ofte en del af Flådens grupper for deres egen fordel.
3	In the years that followed, the First Order, a military organization built on the ashes of the Galactic Empire seized control of Kijimi, abducting people and following the Battle of Crait, took control of the world, as they had with many other planets across the galaxy. Zorii and the others learned to operate under the new control without Dameron.
1	På trods af sin nye rolle som en vagt, der stadig Scrambas så masser af action under resten af krigen, om planeter så forskellige som Metalorn, Qalydon, og Boz Pity. Da krigen sluttede i 19 BBY, Scrambas forblev på med Organa, der har dannet et tæt og personligt venskab med senator. Næsten tyve år senere, Scrambas kom til at tjene Organa's datter, prinsesse Leia Organa, hvem det var lykkedes hendes far i Imperial Senat og havde forbindelser til Alliancen gendannes Republik. Det var disse bånd, der tiltrak sig opmærksomhed fra Lord Darth Vader, hvis styrker ombord på Tantive IV i 0 BBY. Under boarding, Scrambas blev såret og taget til fange af Imperial stormtropper, og blev dræbt kort efter, at ofre sig selv for en datter af hans betroede ven.t.
3	In 5 ABY,[4] three months after the operation at the Wretch of Tayron, Commander Luke Skywalker, a Jedi Knight who served the Rebel Alliance, planned a mission to the planet Vetine in order to retrieve the remnants of[2] the Great Tree[6] that had once dwelled in the Jedi Temple on Coruscant. The ancient tree, which lived in a courtyard within the temple, was removed when Darth Sidious declared himself Emperor and transformed the Jedi Temple into the Imperial Palace. Its only surviving fragments remained in a research lab within an Imperial base on Vetine, and only the Emperor himself and the base's commander, Commandant Hurron, had access to the lab. Skywalker opted to use a stolen Imperial shuttle, Antarra, for the mission and recruited Lieutenant Shara Bey of Green Squadron to fly as his co-pilot. Also on the mission was Skywalker's astromech droid R2-D2.[2]
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on smaller articles. Remove this message when finished.
1	Lige så snart Juhani havde råd til det, tog hun det første skib til Dantooine. Her blev hun oplært af Jedimesteren Quatra. Juhani lærte hurtigt, men hun var altid i kamp med sig selv. På grund af sin Cathar-natur havde hun altid problemer med at styre sine følelser og hun var således ofte i tvivl om Jedi-ordenen også var det rette sted for hende.[1]
2	Hvorfor har sjefen på jedipedia bestemt at The clone wars, skal hete Klonekrigen, når det direkte oversatt betyr Klonekrigene? På engelsk er det noe som heter flertalls s, og det betyr jo at det skal stå i flertall når man oversetter. Er dette bare dårlig oversetting, eller enda en fiks idè om at vi skal ginne på alt selv?
1	I virkeligheden blev Han Solo efterladt af sine forældre da han var meget lille, og hans tidligste minde var at blive fundet i et Corelliansk rumhavn af Garris Shrike. Shrike gjorde Solo til et medlem af hans bande af vagabonder. Først blev Han sendt ud som tigger, og brugte sit unge udseende til at få penge. Da han var ældre blev han udlært som lommetyv ved at øve sig på en af Shrike's droids, og blev derefter sendt ud på gaderne for at skaffe penge. På denne tid blev Solo ven med Dewlanna, en Wookiee der var ansat som kok på Trader's Luck, Shrike's skib. Dewlanna opdragede Solo som hendes søn, lærte ham Shyriiwook og passede ham når han var syg. Han deltog i mange svindelnumre og ulovlige akiviteter under Shrike, blandt andet en svindelnummer på en mine asteroide, og swoop racing.[2]
3	The Binding Ceremony of Oron Kira and Galia was an Onderonian Binding Ceremony that took place in 4000 BBY at Fortress Kira, the forest citadel of Beast-Lord Modon Kira. In the wilderness of Onderon, Galia, Princess of Iziz, and Oron Kira of the House of Kira were joined as husband and wife. The wedding was actually the second prong of a plot by Kira and Galia that began with the prearranged abduction of Galia. The abduction itself occurred shortly after the arrival of three Jedi Knights who had been called by Queen Amanoa of Onderon, to assist with ending the civil unrest between the civilians of the lone city of Iziz, and the Beast Riders from the planet's wilderness. Those same Beast Riders, led by Oron Kira, staged an ambush on the Royal Palace of Iziz, where they absconded with the Princess and returned to their forest stronghold. Amanoa, who at this time was at war with the Beast Riders, was also fooled by the charade, and thus ordered the newly-arrived Jedi diplomats to bring her daughter back unharmed. What they did not know was that the Princess had willingly left with the young Beast Rider, so that the two could consecrate their love for each other.
3	During the close of the Mandalorian Wars, the fallen Jedi Revan sought out the Maps, traveling to at least five planets in order to fully uncover their secrets. After piecing together all the information, Revan and his apprentice Malak found and took control of the Star Forge. With the massive space station and factory under their command, the newly proclaimed Sith Lords created an immense fleet with which to conquer a Galactic Republic that was still recovering from the Mandalorian onslaught. During the Jedi Civil War, Revan was captured and nearly killed. After being retrained at the Jedi Enclave on Dantooine, the mindwiped Revan was charged with once again completing the quest of accessing each Star Map to combat the continued expansion of the Sith Empire. After piecing together the fragmented information, he and his companions set out for the Lehon system to finally destroy the Star Forge.
1	Efterfulgt af konfliktens konklusion forlod Jango mandalorianerne, blev dusørjæger og opbyggede sig hurtigt et ry for at være den bedste i Galaksen. Senere hen gik Fett med til at tjene som en genetisk skabelon for kloner, der ville forme størstedelen af Republikkens hær under Klonkrigene. Selv om han blev dræbt af Mace Windu i kamp, lever Jangos arv af legendarisk mod og evner gennem sin søn Boba, såvel som hans klon-efterkommere, som har fået en stor betydning i Galaksens historie.
2	Star Wars (SW) omfatter, utover seks filmer, også dataspill, fanfiksjon, m.m. Selve Star Wars-sagaen og -miljøet er grunnlagt av filmskaperen George Lucas, men fenomenet er så utbredt at mange fans og forfattere på egen hånd har utvidet dette i form av noveller, hjemmelagde filmklipp m.m. Det er til og med opprettet en wikier over hele verden for å kunne dekke alt stoffet.
3	The Fromm Tower Droid was a fourth-degree droid[2] intended for security and paramilitary use.[1] Four meters tall and symmetrical front and aft, its engine and drivetrain were housed within a squat, armored chassis which rose to a little under half of the overall height. In addition to protecting the vulnerable components, the chassis provided the foundation for the cylindrical tower assembly.[1] Alternate sections of both the chassis and tower were colored red and gray. Two thin, four-fingered arms extended from either side of the front of the base unit.[4] The droid stood on six large, pneumatic wheels, with three located on either side of the chassis.[1] The powerful engine and thick-tread tires allowed Tower Droids to easily traverse even rough terrain at high speeds. On flat ground, Tower Droids could reach speeds of up to 100 kilometers per hour, and the maximum speed adjusted automatically to the terrain to ensure that they did not risk tipping over.[4] The tires were also fitted with a self-sealing mechanism to make them resistant to punctures.[1]
3	Wookieepedia:Attribution is one of Wookieepedia's two core content policies. The other is Wookieepedia:Neutral point of view. Jointly, these policies determine the type and quality of material that is acceptable in articles; that is, content on Wookieepedia must be attributable and written from a neutral point of view. Because the policies are complementary, they should not be interpreted in isolation from one another. For examples and explanations that illustrate key aspects of this policy, see Wookieepedia:Attribution FAQ.
3	As the conflict with the First Order grew more desperate, Dameron was sent to find Lor San Tekka on Jakku, who had part of a map to locate Organa's brother, Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. Though Dameron entrusted the map to his astromech droid BB-8, he was captured by the First Order and interrogated for the location of the map, eventually being forced to hand over the information. He escaped with the help of a defecting stormtrooper, whom Dameron nicknamed Finn, and returned to the Resistance base on D'Qar on his own. He aided Finn, Rey, Han Solo, and Chewbacca with air support during the Battle of Takodana, and he later flew during the battle to destroy the superweapon known as Starkiller Base. During the battle, after the base was damaged by Solo, Finn, Rey, and Chewbacca, Dameron fired the shots that destroyed the Starkiller weapon, saving the Resistance from certain destruction.
2	Tre år senere, hadde opprørsalliansen flyttet til isplaneten Hoth. Da Imperiet angrep basen var det Leia som ledet motangrepet. De fleste klarte å overleve, Leia selv kom med Han Solo på hans Millennium Falcon.
1	dick dick Alt hvad der foregår i Star Wars udspiller sig i den fiktive Star Wars-galakse (eng. The Star Wars Galaxy). Galaksen er delvist baseret på hvad der foregår og fortælles i filmene, men også i Expanded Universe hvor fans supplerer med udvidet fiktiv information om teknologier, racer, planeter, figurer, historier, mm. Expanded Universe er dog også styret af officielle kilder. Den eneste regel i Expanded Universe er at det der findes på, ikke må være i konflikt med eksisterende materiale. Star Wars-galaksen siges at være opstået ca. 5 milliarder år før begivenhederne i The Phantom Menace. Hver film åbnes med ordene "A long time ago... In a galaxy far, far away", der oversat betyder "For lang tid siden... I en galakse langt, langt borte". Her henledes der naturligvis til den fiktive Star Wars Galakse. Skaberne bag det udvidede univers forsøger at forholde sig så tæt på traditionel fysik som overhovedet muligt. Således kan man også opleve fænomener, der minder om dem, vi allerede kender til i det virkelige liv. Eksempelvis er planeten Bespin (fra Star Wars Galaksen) en gasgigant, ligesom de virkelige planeter Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus og Neptun er gasgiganter.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on smaller articles. Remove this message when finished.
2	Når Anakin var liten, ble han og moren Gardulla the Hutts eiendom. De to ble brakt til Mos Espa. Senere tapte hutten dem til toydarieren Watto. Selv om Watto ikke akkurat var noen helgen, var han imidlertid en grei eier, som lot dem få en personlig arena. Men Shmi ville selvfølgelig at hennes uselviske og flinke sønn skulle få en bedre framtid enn som så.
3	During the Clone Wars, the syndicate was very influential throughout the galaxy and run by a group of Falleen noblemen from a fortress on Mustafar.[15] Among its members was Ziro the Hutt.[6] During the war, Black Sun was coerced by Darth Maul into joining his Shadow Collective[1] after he killed their leader. Black Sun openly maintained a base on Ord Mantell.[16]
3	Not long after, Grand Admiral Thrawn of the Seventh Fleet, who aimed to remove Savit from command by exposing his treachery, asked Savit to turn over the captive Assistant Director Brierly Ronan to him and sent coordinates for a rendezvous. Savit traveled to the prearranged star system with four Star Destroyers, including Pellaeon's Harbinger, and met with Thrawn's flagship, the Star Destroyer Chimaera, commanded by Commodore Karyn Faro. Suspecting an ambush, Savit sent the Harbinger to sweep a nearby space station, which was actually used by Savit's pirates, as a precaution in order to keep Pellaeon away from a possible conflict. Faro subsequently transmitted evidence of Savit's complicity to the Third Fleet personnel.[1]
3	Star Wars Resistance was created by Dave Filoni, head of Lucasfilm Animation who led the creative team on Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Star Wars Rebels. The inspiration for the series was Filoni's interest in World War II aircraft and fighter pilots, with his grandfather's time as a pilot during the war being a particular influence on him. In the announcement of the series, Filoni noted that the series would capture the sense of excitement around high-speed racing, which Star Wars had depicted in many stories over the years.[1] Executive producer Justin Ridge elaborated: "It was a concept Dave came up with: he wanted to have a show that went more into 'How is the First Order gathering materials? What is the First Order doing before The Force Awakens?' It grew from that initial seed."[6] For the show's setting, Filoni was also inspired by the sitcom Cheers; Executive producer Athena Portillo explained this to StarWars.com: "He said, 'I want a show that takes place in one set that you go to constantly. You get to know the patrons, you get to know the people, and you introduce new characters...and it's all about their way of life'"[7]
1	Efter at have kæmpet mod nogle få jagt hold, nåede Imperiets folk frem til deres destination, kun for at finde alle folkene døde og mine udstyret smadret. General Ziering gav ordre til at sætte barrikader op, som forsvar ud mod de åbne græsmarker.
1	Several months into the Clone Wars, CC-2224 was temporarily pulled from the fighting in order to be entered into an experimental training regiment, headed by ARC trooper Alpha-17, designed to provoke independent thought among the enrolled commanders.  As a sign of his new-found independent streak, 2224 took the name "Cody," and began customizing his armor with equipment previously available only to the ARCs. Cody's armor modifications included a small, bullet-shaped jetpack, a secondary comm antenna, a visor on his helmet, a pair of antennae on his helmet, enlarged shoulder pads, and a small stick-like tool in an armband on his upper right arm.
3	Skywalker was born in the year 41 BBY before moving to the Outer Rim planet Tatooine during the Age of the Republic. Although he had a mother, the slave Shmi Skywalker, the truth about his parentage was that Anakin had no father&#8212;leading Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn to suspect that Skywalker's conception was the work of the midi-chlorians. Recognizing the boy's unprecedented connection to the Force, Jinn was determined to see Skywalker trained as a member of the Jedi Order, the task of which ultimately fell to his Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi following Jinn's death in 32 BBY.
3	Meanwhile, Savit's three remaining Star Destroyers engaged in a skirmish against the Chimaera. During the battle, Pellaeon reviewed the evidence against Savit and concluded that an official inquiry against the Grand Admiral was justified. Pellaeon then called for Savit to surrender his command, as well as calling on fellow Captains Lochry and Rasdel to join him. Pellaeon further placed the Harbinger under the command of Faro. Following Savit's arrest, Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin reassigned Pellaeon and the Harbinger to the Seventh Fleet, believing that he might prove useful to Thrawn's ongoing struggle against the Lothalite insurgents.[1]
1	I denne æra er Republikken tilsyneladende i sin storhedstid. Men Sitherne, under Darth Bane, overlevede, og lægger planer mod Republikken og Jedierne. Efter århundreder med fred startede Palpatine, der i virkeligheden var Darth Sidious, en Mørk Fyrste af Sith, de begivenheder der ledte til Klon Krigene, en konflikt der ville splitte galaksen.
3	The Battle of Hoth was a major naval battle that occurred in 3665 BBY, during the second decade of the Great Galactic War between the Galactic Republic and the resurgent Sith Empire. A fleet of highly advanced prototype warships, including the Republic superdreadnaught Star of Coruscant, was ambushed by the Imperial Navy after Chiss agents alerted Imperial Intelligence to the fleet's existence, and the Hoth system became the site of a massive space battle that lasted for days. While the battle began along the supposedly secret route that the Republic fleet was traveling, the conflict passed through several star systems before reaching its peak above the planet Hoth. The final stages of the battle in the Hoth system destroyed over seventy-five vessels, inflicting heavy damage on both the Imperial and Republic Navies and sending ships such as the Star of Coruscant, the Conraddas Vindicator, the Vehement Sword, and the Ambria's Fury crashing to the icy surface of Hoth.
1	Alliancen af Frie Planeter var navnet der blev givet til den midlertidige regering der blev dannet af Alliancen for Republikkens Genskabelse få dage efter Slaget om Endor.
2	Kansler Valorum ville ingen lenger ha, og Palpatine var blant dem som ble forslått som ny kansler. På grunn av sympati ble han dette, og han lovet å bringe rettferdighet til Senatet.
1	Han boede med sin familie i Rwookrrorro. Chewie og hans far var ansvarlige for konstruktionen af mange landsbyer på Kashyyyk i årtierne op til Slaget om Naboo og de deltog begge i koloniseringen af Alaris Prime, hvor de kæmpede mod Handelsføderationen om månen. På dette tidspunk havde Chewbacca sit første kendte møde med Jedierne&#8212;i form af Qui-Gon Jinn og Obi-Wan Kenobi der var blevet udsendt af den Galaktiske Republik for at ende konflikten på Alaris Prime. Under Jinn's oplæring førte Chewbacca kolonien til succes.[2]
2	På ett av disse oppdragene hadde hun stjålet noen svært viktige planer over Dødsstjernen, som kunne brukes til å finne ut av dens svakheter. På samme oppdraget prøvde hun også å få med Obi-Wan Kenobi i opprørsalliansen. Da skipet hennes ble tatt av Darth Vader klarte hun å sette planene over Dødsstjernen inn i minnet på R2-D2, og hun beordret denne droiden til å finne Obi-Wan på Tatooine.
1	Da Wedge var sytten ødelagde piraten Loka Hask rumstationen ved at trække skibet væk mens brændstofslangerne stadig var forbundet til hans skib Buzzzer. Den resulterende brænd ville have dræbt alle ombord hvis ikke Wedge's forældre havde ofret dem selv for at redde rumstationen. Wedge blev knust og fløj ud i en Z-95 Headhunter han havde lånt fra smugleren Booster Terrik for at hævne sig. Wedge sporede piraterne til Jumus systemet og ødelagde Buzzzer. Det lykkedes for Hask at flygte.[2]
2	Flere av Iridonia sinus kolonier Langs Ytre Rim BLE erobret av Mandalorians under hiet innledende fasen av Mandalorian Wars. Etter å. ha lært av tapet av sinus kolonier, skabb Iridonians, Inkludert Bao-Dur, søkte hevn Ved å. BLI Republikken krigsinnsats mot Mandalorian inntrengere. Jeg Det kjøpe hos Året, 3963 BBY, hi Mandalorian Neo-korsfarerne i gang en storstilt offensiv mot Iridonia. Etter en vellykket Kampanje, okkuperte de Planeten for en rekke måneder, menn Iridonia BLE Til slutt frigjort av republikken militære. [4] [5]
2	Mange Kubaz utlandet var spioner sendt til andre verdener av sine respektive hives å lære om andre verdener 'politikk, kultur og mat (til Kubaz, ville dette være native insekter). Deres smak for insekter og til oppstår problemer. Ikke anerkjenner insectoid vesener som noe annet enn en matkilde, ville Kubaz noen ganger ulovlig kjøpe organer og kroppsdeler fra levende insectoid arter. Spionasje, derimot, var ikke den eneste vei Kubaz tok, men de var en høyt utdannet art som verdsatt kunst, musikk og litteratur. De var sosiale vesener som fokuserte på manierismen og raffinement og omfavnet tradisjoner og historie i sitt slag, så å plassere dem under en okkupasjon ville ikke være representativ for arten.
2	Boba Fett brukte Slave I i 20 år til. Han og skipet skapte seg et myteomspunnende rykte, hvorav skipet ble like fryktet som jegeren. Når Darth Vader tilkalte dusørjegere for å fange Han Solo og Tusenårsfalken sporte Fett Solo til Bespin og Cloud City. Gjennom en felle satt av Vader som tvang Lando Calrissian, byens baron, til å lure sin venn Solo klarte han å fange Solo og fryse han ned i karbonitt. Fett tok bytte sitt til Slave I for transport til Jabba Desilijic Tiure på Tatooine som også betalte dusør for Solo. Calrissian ombestemte seg og hjalp venne til Solo til landingsplatformen, bare for å se at Slave I, Fett og Solo forsvinne.
1	Også, ifølge et interview på Late Show med David Letterman den 13. maj 2005, Mace er lilla (nogle faktisk sige 'crimson') lyssværd var en personlig anmodning fra Jackson til Lucas som en quid pro quo for optræder i filmene, som såvel som en måde at gøre den karakter enestående og let skelnelige. Jackson, en ivrig Star Wars fan, især ønskede hans egen farve, så hans karakter kunne let plettet og genkendes i det endelige kampscene af Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones midt i al den anden Jedi. Denne afgørelse om Master Windu lyssværd farve kan meget vel have ændret opfattelse af, hvad en Jedi lyssværd skal se ud med hensyn til farve.
1	Det mest dødbringende våben på Eclipse-class skibene var den superlaser der var monteret på skibet. Den var ligeså kraftig som en af de individuelle stråler i Dødsstjernens superlaser.[5].
3	This means two things. First off, the information here is not official or definitive. Articles may be incomplete, inaccurate, or not up to date with the current state of the Star Wars canon. This means that the casual browser should not accept our articles as the final word. Though we will strive, as much as possible, to be the most accurate and complete online source for Star Wars information, we will not be as authoritative as the original sources.
1	Født i en bjerglandsby på Naboo til Ruwee Naberrie og Jobal Naberrie, 48 år før begivenhederne i Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope (1977), Padmé Naberrie blev kendt successivt ved hendes navn State som prinsesse Amidala af Theed , senere bliver Dronning Amidala af Naboo og senator Amidala Den Galaktiske Republik , der tilslutter sig principperne om demokrati og retsstaten. Padme er søster til Sola Naberrie og tante af senator Pooja Naberrie der i sidste ende blev til en meget god ven af ​​Padme datter Prinsesse Leia, mens ikke at vide hinandens forhold
3	A live-action television series is currently being developed by Lucasfilm. It is set to air on Disney's new online streaming service, Disney+. The series will feature Ewan McGregor reprising his role as Obi-Wan Kenobi from the Star Wars prequel trilogy. It will take place eight years after Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith.[1]
2	Droidene raporterer å de har fatt jedien på flukt til  Ventress. Visekonge Katunko kontakter Yoda som sier han kjenner til noe trøbbel og ser fram til deres senere møte.
3	Anandra Milon was a female human from the planet Alderaan who had immigrated to the planet Coruscant by the time of her homeworld's destruction in 0 ABY. After witnessing stormtroopers beginning to arrest other Coruscant residents from Alderaan due to fear of rebel recruitment, she fled her family's apartment on Level 3204 with her brother Santigo Milon. Following several days spent fleeing the Galactic Empire, she was offered work by a Pau'an criminal on Level 1997, but she refused the work as it would require her to be separated from her brother. After being spotted by a stormtrooper on Level 1997, she fled to Level 1996, where she waited to delay the trooper while Santigo escaped. When the trooper arrived, the pair fought briefly, before a Herglic criminal arrived and killed the stormtrooper. Following the criminal's advice about finding help on Level 1782, Anandra reunited with Santigo, and the siblings made their way to 1782 where they discovered a camp of fugitives from the Empire. The fugitives provided Anandra and Santigo with food and welcomed the pair into their group.
3	However, Lechee informed the bounty hunter Ax Tagrin, a mercenary who worked for the highest bidder, in this case the First Order. Following a pursuit, Ax tracked Norath and his astromech droid 2BR-NTB to a house. Tagrin shot 2B-NTB and took Norath prisoner. Before his capture, Norath managed to send a distress signal on a Resistance frequency.[3]
1	Star Wars dækker udover seks film, også over computerspil, fanfiktion, mm. Selve Star Wars-historien og -miljøet er grundlagt af George Lucas. Men fænomenet er så udbredt, at mange fans og forfattere på egen hånd har udvidet i form af noveller, hjemmelavede filmklip, mm. Filmene af George Lucas omfatter følgende seks episoder:
1	Jabba havde mange assistenter gennem tiden. De hjalp ham med at styre han imperium. Hans bedste, assistent var Naroon Cuthus. Jabba respekterede ham, men han ville ikke lade ham gå på pension, da han kendte til for mange af Jabbas hemmeligheder, og Jabba fik ham henrettet. Efter det blev Twi'lekken Bib Fortuna hans assistent.
3	Star Wars, Star Wars: Episode I The Phantom Menace; Star Wars: Episode II Attack of the Clones; Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith; Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope; Star Wars: Episode V The Empire Strikes Back; Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi; Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens; the Star Wars Expanded Universe; and all logos, characters, artwork, stories, information, names, and other elements associated thereto, including but not limited to the Death Star and Wookiees, are the sole and exclusive property of Lucasfilm Limited.
3	This template should be used on articles for subjects original to major movie releases such as the sequel trilogy or the Star Wars Anthology Series as well as their directly related material, such as novelizations. Articles about subjects not original to major movie releases but contain spoilers from them will continue to use &#123;&#123;Majorspoiler&#125;&#125;.
2	Grievous og rådsmedelmmene i Konføderasjonen flyktet til Utapau. Kenobi og en arme av Klonekrigere fulgte etter. Mens rådsmedlemmene flyktet til Mustafar duellerte Obi-Wan og Grievous seg gjennom det kampforykende Pau City. På plattformen til Grievous skip Soulless One var begge desarmert. I en ren nevekamp rev Obi-Wan løs Grievous brystplater. Med hans vitale organer sårbare avfyrte Obi-Wan flere dødlige skudd på Grievous. Flammen sto ut av øynene hans og det siste levende av Grievous brant opp. Obi-Wan klarte ikke å nyte seieren lenge, for Palpatine ga Ordre 66 og Kommandør Cody avfyrte skudd mot Kenobi som sende han ned i Utapaus synkhull. Kenobi overlevde og flyktet i Soulless One.
1	Hvis en yngling ikke blev valgt af nogen Jedi Riddere til at være Padawan i alderen af 13 år, blev ynglingen placeret til en mindre værdig rolle i Jedi Service Corps &#8212; en tradition der ikke blev brugt af Luke Skywalker, da han skabte den Nye Jedi Orden.
3	An ancient Sith cave located deep beneath the surface of the volcanic Outer Rim Territories planet Mustafar served as a locus for the dark side of the Force. Built by the ancient Sith as a Sith shrine to seek the secrets of eternal life, the cave resided in the course of one of the planet's lava rivers on the site of a former Sith temple in the Gahenn Plains, and was strong with dark side energies.
3	Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith is a 2005 film written and directed by George Lucas. It is the third and final film in the Star Wars prequel trilogy.
2	Hun ble med besetningen på Ebon Hawk etter å ha møtt Revan og ødeleggelsen av Taris, og ble tildelt Æreskorset i 3956 f.S.Y. som fjortenåring for sin deltagelse i oppdagelsen av Star Forge og Republikkens triumf over Sithimperiet ved Slaget om Rakata Prime. Hun og Revan gikk separate veier etter at Darth Malak hadde blitt styrtet.
3	Under direction of the Shadow Collective, Black Sun and Pyke Syndicate participated in the large battle on Ord Mantell, defending against Separatist attackers led by Count Dooku and Grievous.[16]
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
3	Six months after the Battle of Hoth, Darth Vader lands in the docking bay of the incomplete second Death Star, which the Empire designed to be more powerful than the first. He is greeted by Moff Tiaan Jerjerrod, but demands construction be put back on schedule in order to complete the Death Star on time. Jerjerrod argues that they need more men, but quickly agrees to double their efforts when he learns that the Emperor is coming.
3	Rebels is a WookieeProject formed of a group of Wookieepedians seeking to upgrade and maintain all articles related to the animated television series Star Wars Rebels. This includes articles related to the novel A New Dawn, the comic book series Star Wars: Kanan, the Star Wars Rebels: Servants of the Empire series, episode adaptations, and all other associated literature and video games.
3	When the Clone Wars began in 22 BBY, the Jedi rallied to defend the Galactic Republic against the Confederacy of Independent Systems, and Kenobi became a general in the newly-formed Republic Military. Kenobi and Skywalker often served alongside each other, leading their respective clone trooper divisions, the 212th Attack Battalion, and the 501st Legion, against the Separatist Droid Army. However, in 19 BBY, Skywalker fell to the dark side of the Force due to the manipulation of Darth Sidious, embracing his new identity as the Sith Lord Darth Vader and playing a crucial role in the near-extermination of the Jedi Order. Kenobi, who was betrayed by his soldiers as a result of Order 66, confronted his fallen apprentice on Mustafar. The ensuing lightsaber duel between the former friends concluded when Vader was maimed at the hands of his one-time master, who withdrew into exile with Skywalker's newborn son.
2	Senere ble de håpefulle ynglingene gitt en mester, som fungerte som deres lærer gjennom resten av padawantiden. En jediridder eller jedimester kunne aldri ha mer enn én padawan samtidig. Etter flere år som student under en mester måtte padawanen gjennomgå prøver for å nå ridderstatus.
1	Jeg arbejder stadig hårdt på denne artikel selvom jeg er startet lidt i den forkerte ende. I er velkommen til at rette i denne tekst hvis i ser fejl&#160;:) Bakse 28. apr 2007 kl. 17:45 (UTC)
3	Though Sylvar's inner peace was finally restored, it was immediately put to the test. Hoggon, who had been watching nearby, became embittered by the Cathar Jedi's sudden change of heart and mortally wounded Qel-Droma with a shot from his blaster pistol in an attempt to solidify a place for himself in the annals of galactic history. The spacer then promptly departed, after having been spared the wrath of Sylvar, whose recent redemption had kept her from killing him only moments before. Meanwhile, as Ulic Qel-Droma lay dying on a cliff, he declared Nomi's daughter Vima a fully vested Jedi. Then, much to their surprise, he faded into the Force, in the way of newly deceased Jedi Masters.
2	En styrke bestående av AT-AT- og AT-ST-kjøretøyer angrep forsvarslinjene satt opp rundt basen. Opprørerne hadde gravd skyttergraver og plassert artillerikanoner over et stort område, i et desperat forsøk på å sinke angriperne. Luke Skywalker ledet en snøspeederskvadron kalt Rogue-skvadron i et frontalangrep på walkerne, med det resultat at flere AT-AT-enheter ble ødelagt. Tau festet til harpuner ble surret rundt kjøretøyene og fikk de enorme walkerne til å tippe overende.
2	Nå trakk Jango seg tilbake i stor grad, blant annet for å trene sønnen. Dessuten hjalp han klonerne på Kamino med utformingen av drakten til klonekrigerne, samt utviklingen av treningsprogrammet deres. Imidlertid tok han fortsatt oppdrag som fristet.
2	10 år etter at han ble kansler sto han ovenfor en populær Separatist-bevegelse med Grev Dooku i spissen. Han ville løse krisen med forhandlinger, men dette skulle vise seg å bli vanskelig.
3	The victory over Raloch earned the Consular a promotion from the rank of Padawan, as well as the loyalty of the Trandoshan hunter Qyzen Fess, who came to regard him as the "Scorekeeper's Herald"&#8212;champion of the Scorekeeper, a Trandoshan deity. Around that time, a sickness known as the Dark Plague struck the Jedi Order, driving Jedi Masters across the galaxy insane. Learning an ancient Force ability called the shielding technique from the Noetikon devices, the newly promoted Jedi traveled from planet to planet, using the technique to sever the sick Jedi Masters from the influence of Lord Vivicar, the Sith mastermind behind the plague. Eventually, the Consular confronted the plaguemaster himself, who was possessed by the spirit of the plague's long-dead creator Terrak Morrhage. He successfully redeemed Vivicar, driving out Morrhage's spirit and restoring Vivicar's former persona of Jedi Padawan Parkanas Tark. The Consular was also recruited into the Republic Navy's elite Coruscant Aegis squadron, piloting a Defender-class light corvette under the call sign "Guardian."
2	Grievous ble introdusert til IG-100 kort til etter han ble transformert til kyborg, men han ødela alle som var til stede av frustrasjon for å bli behandlet som en droid.
3	K1-1R appropriated a carbon-freezing chamber inside a Nar Shaddaa gas processing center, and the bounty hunters planned to ambush the Heroes of Cularin as they journeyed through a nearby factory with Toryn. The military droid sent six G-2RD seeker droids to track the agents through the factory complex, and, after a brief fight, Trist and the seeker droids incapacitated Toryn and the agents, imprisoning them inside the carbon-freezing chamber. For twenty minutes, K1-1R, Drokka, and Trist debated what to do with Toryn, whom they had not planned to capture. At K1-1R's suggestion, the trio agreed to test the carbon-freezing facility on Toryn and recalibrate it, to make the machinery suitable for preserving living beings, then freeze the freelancers in carbonite. However, as K1-1R moved to lower Toryn into the chamber, the agents broke free and attacked the three bounty hunters. They incapacitated K1-1R, but he soon rebooted, his systems came back online, and engaged the agents in combat once more. Despite the bounty hunters' efforts, the Heroes of Cularin emerged victorious,[3] and blasterfire from the agents destroyed K1-1R and turned him into a pile of molten slag.[2]
3	By 34 ABY, Ryvora was a member of Team Fireball, a racing team and group of mechanics led by Jarek Yeager, along with Neeku Vozo and R1-J5 "Bucket".[3] Yeager was like a father to her[4] and had promised her the Fireball, an old racing ship if she could fix it up. The arrival of Kazuda Xiono to the Colossus changed things at the team. Xiono, who was secretly a spy for the Resistance, joined Team Fireball as his cover, and almost immediately got off on the wrong foot with Ryvora when Yeager loaned him the Fireball to fly in a race that Vozo had signed him up for. Upon seeing the ship, Xiono was not impressed, and Ryvora took his criticisms as an insult to her work. She was not pleased with the used parts Xiono acquired to repair the ship as he could not afford new ones. After Xiono crashed the Fireball due to pushing it too hard, the repair of the ship had to start all over again.[3]
1	Efter Slaget om Duro hjalp Tesar, hans hatchmates og Jedien Izal Waz Han Solo og Leia Organa Solo med at flygte fra et attentat forsøg på Corellia og eskorterede deres mester Eelysa.
3	Star Wars Rebels focuses on six main characters,[2] who crew the starship Ghost. They include the teenage con-artist Ezra Bridger,[18] the former Jedi Kanan Jarrus,[19] the Ghost's pilot and owner, the Twi'lek Hera Syndulla,[20] the teenage Mandalorian explosives expert Sabine Wren,[21] the Lasat "muscle" Garazeb "Zeb" Orrelios,[22][27] the astromech droid C1-10P or "Chopper."[28] The series also features a number of diverse villains,[29] including an Inquisitor.[23]
2	Corellia, Drall og Selonia prøvde og overta føderasjonen, men mislytkes.Under Klonekrigene ble Talus en kampplass mellom den Galaktiske Republikken og CIS.
1	Han Solo var en kæphøj Corellianer med en tør humor og teknologisk snilde, der startede sin karriere som smugler omkring 10 BBY. Han var ansat hos flere arbejdsgivere, havde en kort militær karriere, og mødte  Wookieen Chewbacca, der blev hans bedste ven. Han var kaptajn på Millennium Falcon og blev uvenner med nok folk til at få flere dusører på sit hovede før han blev involveret i den Galaktiske Borgerkrig mod sin egen vilje efter et møde med Luke Skywalker og Obi-Wan Kenobi. Han blev senere en general i Oprørsalliancen og blev gift med Leia Organa. De fik tre børn: Jaina, Jacen og Anakin.
1	Før slaget endte lykkedes det for Jacen Solo at infiltrere Yuuzhan Vong basen og redde Danni Quee. Miko Reglia døde da han reddede Jacen. Jacen og Danni flygtede på isboreren, der blev samlet op af Jaina og bragt tilbage til Dubrillion. Republikkens resterende styrker flygtede også til Dubrillion.
3	Cylo was a humanoid male doctor who cybernetically enhanced himself into an immortal system capable of assuming another body when the previous one died. A scientist who believed that evolution was only possible for the universe if organic species were upgraded with cybernetics, Cylo dedicated his research to this goal. Having gained support from the Separatist-leaning Astartes of Celanon prior to the Clone Wars, he subsequently entered the service of Galactic Emperor Sheev Palpatine after the war ended with the Republic's victory and the inauguration of the Galactic Empire. For twenty years, the doctor worked to develop cybernetically-enhanced individuals who, without the need for the Force, could potentially replace Palpatine's apprentice, Darth Vader, as enforcers for the Empire.
3	During the Great Galactic War between the Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic, the Pureblood Sith female Exal Kressh served in the exalted position of apprentice to the Sith Emperor. Throughout the early years of the conflict, the Emperor trained his pupil to master the dark side of the Force and sent her on missions across the galaxy to collect knowledge of Sith magic and dark side rituals. Unbeknownst to Kressh, her Master was simultaneously working to drain her of her own free will and fill her mind with his thoughts and commands,[4] intending to turn her into the first of his "Children." The Children of the Emperor were to be a group of beings brainwashed by Sith magic into becoming literal extensions of the Emperor's will[3]&#8212;at any moment he could activate them and fill them with his essence, seeing through their eyes and controlling their actions.[6] Kressh was largely unaware of the Emperor's intentions until approximately 3678 BBY, when her Master sent her on a mission to the dead world of Lenico IV. There, she discovered a tribe of Ortolans who practiced similar shamanistic rituals to indefinitely perpetuate the life of a leader.[4]
1	Massassi Templet, eller det Store Tempel, blev bygget på Yavin 4 af Massassi folket for at tilbede Naga Sadow, en Sith Lord der havde trælbundet og muteret Massassierne ved at bruge Sith Alkemi.
2	Etter å ha fått tak i planene over Dødsstjernen, jobbet opprørernes taktikere på Yavin IV med å finne et svakt punkt på romstasjonen, som nå var på vei mot basen deres. Det ble besluttet å angripe en 2 meter bred utløpssjakt som ledet direkte inn til kjernen.
2	En dag kom en utlending fra Coruscant innom sjappa hans, noe som skulle bety en betydelig nedtur for Watto. Da utlendingen ikke kunne betale for delene, måtte han ta store risikoer for å komme seg av planeten, og innledet en serie av veddemål med Watto.
3	Darth Mekhis led her invasion force to the world and established her command post in a mountain fortress compound. While she oversaw the development of new weapons technology in the compound, her division of the Imperial Army was led in the field by a troop commander[3] and Colonel Rymar Quinn,[2] and was assigned to secure the planet for Mekhis's usage. Composed of assault droids, Imperial soldiers, and Sith Warriors, the invasion force was initially highly successful and managed to secure much of the planet's frozen landscape for their master's usage.[3]
2	Jango Fett på sin side har fått kalde føtter etter praten med Obi-Wan, og reiser til Geonosis. Obi-Wan sporer ham, og følger etter. På Geonosis oppdager han en hær, en droidehær, denne er ment for separatistene. Imidlertid blir han fanget, men han klarer å sende en melding til Anakin allikevel.
3	Dooku, a Force-sensitive human male, was a Jedi Master that fell to the dark side of the Force and became the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Tyranus during the final years of the Galactic Republic. After leaving the Jedi Order, he claimed the title Count of Serenno and, during the Clone Wars, served as Head of State of the Confederacy of Independent Systems. He was the second apprentice of Darth Sidious, the Dark Lord of the Sith whose plan to conquer the galaxy relied on Dooku leading a pan-galactic secessionist movement against the Republic. As such, Dooku immersed himself in the dark side and worked tirelessly to advance his master's plans, but ultimately forgot that treachery was the way of the Sith.
2	Qui-Gon Jinn (92 f.s.Y. - 32 f.s.Y.), som studerte som padawan under grev Dooku, var en stor jedimester. Imidlertid hadde han en del ukonvensjolle tanker og syn, som i enkelte tilfeller brøt med jedikodeksen. Qui-Gon var i motsetning til sine kolleger svært opptatt av den levende kraften og ikke den altomfattende. Dette resulterte i filosofien "føl, ikke tenk - bruk instinktene dine", mindre meditasjon og fokusering på nuet - i stedet for fremtiden.
1	Efter Emperiets deling under Slaget om Endor, opstod der mange forskellige valutaer. Selvom Den Nye Republik havde tage credit tilbage som officel valuta, var det derfor også den mest accepterede møntfod i Galaksen. I den tid varierede kurserne meget, og det var næsten umuligt at finde nogen som helst der ville veksle én valuta for en anden. Skabelsen af Den Nye Republik stabiliserede den galaktiske økonomi.
3	Content approaching. Pest Control, Poe Dameron 14, Poe Dameron 23, Poe Dameron 24, Age of Resistance - Captain Phasma 1, Age of Resistance - Finn 1, Age of Resistance - General Hux 1, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Into the Unknown, Poe Dameron: Flight Log–class.
3	Jedi who remained on Coruscant were largely powerless to prevent the rioting and lamented seeing fear grip the people of the Republic. The chaos continued for days, until news of the Jedi efforts in the Minos Cluster began to filter back to Coruscant. Reports of their sacrifices and other acts of heroism inspired the people of the Republic, and the riots were extinguished shortly thereafter.[1]
3	We should be looking for ways to improve any video game articles and bring them up to date. A good place to start would be the actual video game article.
1	C-3PO (pron.: / s i ː θ r i ː p I oʊ. / , fonetisk stavet See-Threepio, 3PO eller Threepio for korte) er en robot karakter fra Star Wars universet , som vises både i den originale Star Wars film og prequel trilogien . Han var også en stor karakter i ABC tv-show Droids , og ses ofte i serien '" Expanded Universe "af romaner, tegneserier og videospil. Sammen med Anakin Skywalker (Darth Vader) , Obi-Wan Kenobi og R2-D2 , er han en af kun fire tegn skal vises i alle seks Star Wars film. C-3PO (spillet af Anthony Daniels ) og R2-D2 (spillet af Kenny Baker ) er de eneste tegn portrætteret af den samme skuespiller i alle seks film.
1	Obi-Wan førte Luke til hans plejefamilie på Tatooine. Han gjorde vejen forbi Nar Shadda og solgte den Starfighter han havde valgt[3] og købte sig vej frem til Tatooine og valgt at blive boende der for at holde øje med drengen.[2]
2	Tilbake på opprørernes base oppdager de at Imperiet har oppdaget dem, og i verksetter evakuering. Under evakueringen setter Imperiet i gang et bakkeangrep med et større antall AT-AT-er. Disse blir holdt av en liten stund av snøspeedere ledet av Luke Skywalker, men opprørernes skjoldgenerator blir ødelagt og Han, Chewbacca og Leia Organa klarer så vidt å unnslippe Darth Vader.
3	The Mandalorians were a warrior society whose beliefs were firmly ingrained with their sense of honor. Attempting to gain both territory and honor by attacking the Tetan worlds, the Mandalorian leader, Mandalore the Indomitable, led his soldiers on several raids within the boundaries of Krath space. Eventually, following the destruction of an important carbonite smelting station under Krath control, these raids managed to attract the attention of Ulic Qel-Droma. Believing that he did not have time to deal with mercenaries such as the Mandalorians, Qel-Droma contacted Mandalore and demanded that he and his armies surrender immediately. Mandalore, however, refused Qel-Droma's demands, choosing instead to challenge Qel-Droma to a one-on-one fight that would decide the fate of the seven worlds of Empress Teta. Qel-Droma agreed to Mandalore's demand for a fight, but also offered up his own terms should he win the fight&#8212;if he could defeat Mandalore, then the Mandalorian clans would pledge their allegiance to him, and thus fight under his war standards. Not wanting his honor to be tarnished, Mandalore agreed to Qel-Droma's terms.[2]
1	Yoda er en karakter i Star Wars universet , først optræder i 1980-filmen Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back . I den oprindelige film, tog han Luke Skywalker til at kæmpe mod det onde Galaktiske Imperium . I de prequel film, tjener han som stormester Jedi Rådet og som et generelt i Clone Wars .
2	De normalt feige neimoidianerne i føderasjonens ledelse var ikke villige til å forhandle, og forsøkte å myrde Qui-Gon og hans padawan. Fra føderasjonens kontrollskip i rommet flyktet de derfor ned til Naboo, hvor Qui-Gon reddet livet til en klønete gunger ved navn Jar Jar Binks.
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
2	Ett av disse oppdragene var å drepe senator Amidala for Dooku, nå leder for separtistene, og Nute Gunray. Denne jobben overlot han til dusørjegeren Zam Wessel, som han hadde jobbet en del sammen med. Først feilet imidlertid eksplosjonen av romskipet til senatoren, og deretter det andre drapsforsøket, grunnet senatorens jedibeskyttelse. Jediene tok opp jakten på Zam, men innen hun kunne røpe Jangos identitet, drepte han henne.
2	På ferden ut i de Ukjente Regionene fant Revan og Alek med et uhell planeten Dromund Kaas. Dromund Kaas er en Sith verden, der blant annet Sith Keiseren befinner seg. Keiseren får dem over til den mørke siden, og de går fra å være Jedier, til å bli Sither. De ble sendt som Darth Revan og Darth Malak for å spionere på Republikken, men de klarte å bryte seg fri fra Keiserens kontroll og prøvde å skape sitt eget imperie. De dro gjennom mange forskjellige planeter for å finne et mystisk sted, Star Forge. Star Forge kunne skape store og kraftige armeer til det nyetablerte imperiet, slik at de kunne ta over galaksen.
2	I tusen år holdt sithene seg i skjul, og i hele denne perioden trodde jediene at de var utryddet. Ut fra denne tilværelsen skulle de imidlertid komme med sithfyrsten Darth Sidious, elev av Darth Plageuis, en mektig sithfyrste, som til og med skal ha kunnet manipulere midiklorier til å skape liv. I god sithånd drepte Sidious Plageuis da han sov, for selv å bli mesteren. Som elev tok han Darth Maul.
3	Content approaching. Master &amp; Apprentice, The Weapon, Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan &amp; Anakin Adventure, Hide and Seek, Kanan 7, Kanan 8, Kanan 9, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 1, Jedi Fallen Order - Dark Temple 5, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, Rise of the Separatists–class.
2	Revan våkner plutselig opp en dag, på et skip kalt Endar Spire. Han har ingen minner om hvem han er eller hvor han er. Han møter Trask Ulgo som forteller at skipet er under angrep av Darth Malaks hær, og at de må få Bastila Shan i sikkerhet, og hun har flyktet fra skipet og krasjlandet på Taris . Trask Ulgo ofrer seg for å redde Carth Onasi og Revan. De flykter i en kapsel og lander på planeten Taris, en ecumenopolis. Bastila Shan befinner seg også her, med hun har blitt fanget. Revan klarer å redde henne med hjelp fra Twi'lek  jenta Mission Vao og hennes Wookie venn Zaalbar , men de får ikke forlatt planeten da Sithene har stengt alle veier inn og ut av planeten, med mindre man har en kode. De klarer å få tak i en slik kode, med hjelp fra Canderous Ordo. De får tak i skipet Ebon Hawk, og flykter fra planeten, rett før den blir sprengt av Darth Malak. Han prøvde å sprenge planeten for å hindre i at Bastila skulle flykte. Bastila er et vikitg mpl for han, fordi hun har ekstremt sterke evner. Ved hjelp av meditasjon kan hun styrke og motivere en hel hær samtidig som hun demotiverer fiendens hær.
3	After Bane's death, his remains were placed in a sarcophagus in the Valley of the Dark Lords on Moraband, the ancient Sith homeworld.[1] Additionally, a colossal statue of Bane in his armor was erected at the far end of the massive burial chamber.[5] Bane was the last Sith Lord to be buried on Moraband.[1]
1	Atton kæmpede i Mandalorian Krigene og Jedi Borgerkrigen. Han tjente oprindeligt Republikken, men da Revan besejrede Mandalorianerne og blev til en Mørk Fyrste af Sith sluttede Atton sig til hans side, sammen med store dele af Republikkens styrker der havde tjent Jedien under krigen. Ved begyndelsen af Jedi Borgerkrigen var Atton del af en elite enhed, der var trænet i at skjule deres tilstedeværelse og tanket fra Kraft-brugere. De blev sendt på missioner for at dræbe eller fange Jedier der skulle vendes til den Mørke Side og blive til Sith-fyrster. Det var på denne tid han lærte Echani kamp teknikker og hvordan han kunne skjule sig fra en Jedi.[1]
2	Kansler Valorum ville ingen lenger ha, og Palpatine var blant dem som ble forslått som ny kansler. På grunn av sympati ble han dette, og han lovet å bringe rettferdighet til Senatet.
3	Acting as a spy for Valarian, J'Quille took up work as a bounty hunter for the Hutt crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure, Valarian's biggest rival on Tatooine. While living in Jabba's Palace, the Whiphid planned to poison the Hutt's food in order to kill him for his lover.[1]
1	I en 1998 Star Wars Insider meningsmåling af fans 'foretrukne Star Wars figurer, var Mara Jade den eneste universet udvidede tegn til at bryde den top 20. Da han blev spurgt om populariteten af Mara Jade, Zahn foreslog det skyldes, at kvinder kan identificere sig med hende, mens mænd vil have hende ved deres side. [2]
1	Pello Scrambas var far af kaptajn Tash Scrambas af Qel-Droma, under Republikken Classic æra. Den ældste Scrambas deltog i Alderaan Ascendancy Contention, konflikten over, hvad Alderaanian Noble House ville påtage sig Viceroyship af Alderaan, der tjener Jedi moderator Jorus C'baoth under krisen, som han ikke ønsker at side med House of Organa eller House of Antiller. Den dag, at C'baoth sluttede den påstand, sluttede Pello Scrambas Alderaan's væbnede styrker, i alderen femten. Ved 22 BBY, holdt Scrambas rang af sergent, og når Clone Wars brød ud, fik han at vide at forvente "begrænset aktion" i den kommende konflikt, som man mente, at den Galaktiske Republiks klon tropper ville kunne passende undertrykke konføderation af uafhængige systemer. [1]
2	Tre år senere deltok R2 i redningsaksjonen av kansler Palpatine, sammen med Anakin og Obi-Wan Kenobi. Der maktet han å ta rotta på to superkampdroider alene. Aksjonen endte med suksess.
3	Star Wars Legends articles will comprehensively cover all relevant unlicensed sources within the article body. This content must be clearly labeled with the following advisory tags:
3	In 4000 BBY, the Jedi Order, sworn upholders of peace and justice throughout the galaxy, were called to assist the planet Onderon, which had been suffering from a centuries-long civil conflict known as the Beast Wars. Arca Jeth, the Jedi watchman of the Onderon star system, had answered the namesake planet's call for aid by sending his three apprentices in his stead on a diplomatic mission to Iziz, the capital city of that world. As a test of their Knighthood, Ulic Qel-Droma, Cay Qel-Droma, and Tott Doneeta traveled to the distant world and met with its leader, Queen Amanoa. Before the Jedi could begin their mission of peace, however, warriors from the planet's wilderness known as Beast Riders ambushed the city's royal palace, and managed to kidnap Amanoa's daughter, Princess Galia. Bewildered by the abduction of her daughter, the Queen demanded that the Jedi leave the city, retrieve her daughter from her captors, and return her unscathed. Ulic Qel-Droma and his companions then departed straightaway for the wilds of Onderon, in search of Galia and her Beast Rider kidnappers.[1]
2	Det første Slaget Ved Iridonia, kjempet under Den store Sith krigen, var en stor seier for Den galaktiske republikken. Det var et vendepunkt i krigen Som ga republikk Militære og Jedi Order momentum Som Ville hjelpe DEM Til å. Til slutt beseire sinus motstandere Sith. [4]
2	Ti år senere tjente R2 fortsatt Amidala, som nå var senator. Hun kom av sikkerhetshensyn i kontakt med Anakin igjen, og de reiste etter et opphold på Naboo til Tatooine, for å redde Anakins mor. Her møtte R2 igjen 3PO. Anakin maktet ikke å redde sin mor, og etter gravferden hennes dro han med Padme til Geonosis. 3PO ble også med. På Geonosis havnet R2 og 3PO i mye trøbbel, men grunnet R2 kom de helskinnet fra det. Etter slaget på Geonosis var de vitne til Anakin og Padmes hemmelige bryllup på Naboo.
3	YVH 2-4S and another YVH-Series battle droid, YVH 2-1S, accompanied the strike team of seventeen young Jedi, including the Solo siblings Jaina, Jacen, and Anakin. Because the team's destination was behind Yuuzhan Vong lines, it had to find a way to reach Myrkr unharmed, and thus a plan was formed and implemented. Entrepreneur Lando Calrissian, the owner of Tendrando Arms, took the two war droids and the seventeen young Jedi near enemy lines in his starship, the Lady Luck, where he met up with the Yuuzhan Vong corvette analog Exquisite Death. Under the pretense of trading the Jedi on his ship for the lives of the refugees whom the invaders had captured over the planet Talfaglio, Calrissian had his crew "seize" the Jedi and bring them to Commander Duman Yaght of the Exquisite Death.[1]
2	Mester Ploo Koon nærmer seg Malevolence. Før han går til angrep informerer han Anakin og Ahsoka. Ploo Koon går til angrep, men general Grievous avfyrer ionkanonen på skipet før de har kommet innen rekevidde. Skipet mister all kraft, og flåten blir et lett bytte for separatistene. Mester Ploo og noen klonetropper greier å unslippe i en rømningskapsel.
1	Denne æra fortæller om de tidligste dage i den Galaktiske Republik, dens beskyttere, Jedi ordenen og dens fjender, Sitherne. Den begynder med oprettelsen af Republikken, og slutter med sejren over Mørkets Broderskab i det Syvende Slag om Ruusan og Republikkens genskabelse ved Ruusan Reformationen.
1	I 4 ABY, da krigen rasede over Endor, blev han besejret af sin søn, Luke Skywalker, og gik herefter tilbage til den lyse side og blev Anakin Skywalker igen sekunder før sin død.
1	Imens ødelagde Yomin Carr udposten på Belkadan, og efterlod ingen overlevende. På Helska IV blev Danni snart mødt af en anden fange, Jedien Miko Reglia, og var vidne til hans tortur da yammosken prøvede at knække ham. Efter Jacen Solo følte hende i Kraften ankom han til Helska IV for at redde både Danni og Miko. Men Danni måtte se til med rædsel men Miko ofrede sig selv sammen med to Yuuzhan Vong krigere i et forsøg på at lade dem flygte.[1]
3	Sometimes, two users get the same idea for an article, but put them on pages with different names.  When we find them, we tag them to be merged, in hopes someone will combine the two into a single, cohesive article.  You can find articles in need of merging here.  Don't forget to remove the merge tags when you're done!
2	For å spre sin innflytelse og sine forretninger ytterligere, hyrte Jabba et stort antall smuglere, som skulle frakte de illegale varene hans. En av de beste var en ung corellianer med navnet Han Solo. Imidlertid endret forhold dem i mellom seg drastisk, da Solo ble bordet av Imperiet. Uten andre alternativer måtte Solo nemlig kaste lasten over bord ...
3	In 2005,[10] George Lucas began developing a live-action TV series that would explore the criminal underworld of Star Wars.[11] Producer Rick McCallum compared it to Deadwood and The Godfather,[12][13] and hinted that it would involve bounty hunters.[14] At the 2007 Toy Fair, a poster teased upcoming Star Wars projects, with the TV series represented by a picture of Boba Fett.[15] After 50 scripts were completed, Lucas and McCallum felt that the show would be too expensive to produce with the current technology, and thus decided to put the project on hold.[16][13] In 2012, Lucas sold Lucasfilm to The Walt Disney Company.[17] Under Disney, a film centered on Boba Fett was reportedly planned to be produced as part of its Anthology Series.[18]
3	This page, much like Wikipedia:What Wikipedia is not and Community Central:What Fandom is not, attempts to define what is and is not proper use of this wiki.  Hopefully, this will serve to help new users understand what we are trying to do here.
3	Include citations to reliable sources to ensure verifiability when you add or verify content, especially with controversial issues and biographies of living people.
3	Content approaching. Darth Maul 2, Ahsoka, Star Wars: Darth Maul—Son of Dathomir, Han Solo - Imperial Cadet 3, Too Late to Change, The Second Chance, Last Shot, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual–class.
3	Though sworn enemies, Ren and the Jedi apprentice Rey formed a prophesied dyad in the Force, and therefore bound together through a unique bond. Their conflict came to a head in 35 ABY with the return of the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, who urged Ren to destroy Rey and become the new Emperor. His compassion for the former scavenger, however, as well as the death of his mother and the memory of his father, killed the persona of Kylo Ren and restored his identity as Ben Solo. After the battle on Exegol, Solo sacrificed himself to revive Rey, and the two shared a kiss before he died, ending the Skywalker bloodline.
1	Lusankya blev bygget samtidig med hendes søsterskib, Executor; under konstruktionen gik begge skibe under navnet Executor for at få det til at se ud som om at der kun var et skib. Mens Executor blev sendt i kamp efter hun blev færdigbygget, blev Lusankya sendt til Coruscant og begravet under planetens overflade. Bygningerne over skibet blev genbygget over skibet for at gemme det. Selvom det er ukendt hvordan Imperiet kunne holde et sådan projekt hemmeligt, er det muligt at alle vidnerne blev henrettet, eller at Kejser Palpatine brugte Kraften til at få alle vidner til at glemme hvad de så. Der var også mange teorier om at Lusankya blev anbragt på Coruscant for at give Palpatine muligheder for at slippe væk fra planeten hvis den skulle blive angrebet af fjendtlige styrker. Kun få folk kendte til skibets eksistens, placering, og hvad det skulle bruges til.
1	Star Wars Rebels er en animeret tv-serie, sat fem år før begivenhederne i Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope. Serien havde premiere i hele verden som en timeslang tv-film, kaldt Star Wars Rebels: Spark of Rebellion, på Disney Channel, d. 3. Oktober, 2014. Regulære episoder begyndte at køre på Disney XD d. 13. Oktober. Star Wars Rebels var det første store Star Wars projekt at blive udgivet efter at The Walt Disney Company købte Star Wars's ejerskab af Lucasfilm Ltd. i 2012.
3	Holshef was a human male native of the Outer Rim Territories planet Lothal. Although he had a great love for his homeworld, Holshef was disturbed by its slow ruination by the Galactic Empire. By 4 BBY, he was an old man with wispy white hair who painted and wrote poetry. His artistic expressions against the Empire's actions on Lothal resulted in an arrest warrant and forced him into hiding. He paid credits to Yahenna Laxo of the Gray Syndicate to stay safe from Imperial attention.
1	Efter, at Jedi mester Qui-Gon Jinn opdagede den niårige Anakin på Tatooine, rejste de to sammen med Obi-Wan Kenobi til Coruscant for at gøre Anakin til Jediridder i den tro, at han jævnfør en ældgammel Jediprofeti var den udvalgte. Unge Anakin blev Padawan under Obi-Wan Kenobi, da Qui-Gon blev myrdet.
3	They became embroiled in the Galactic Civil War when Leia Organa of the Rebel Alliance entrusted them to bring a copy of the Death Star plans to the Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi on Tatooine. After meeting Skywalker's son Luke and the smuggler Han Solo, the droids helped rescue princess Leia from the Empire's Death Star. They became directly attached to the three humans, helping them and their rebellion defeat the Empire and restore freedom to the galaxy, most notably when he convinced the Ewoks to aid the Rebels at the Battle of Endor.
3	As the Republic fleet passed along the secret route, not far from the uninhabited Hoth system, a massive strike force from the Imperial Navy ambushed the Republic ships. This began a protracted battle that lasted for days[5] and spread over several star systems.[6] The presence of the powerful prototype ships ensured the survival of many of the Republic crew members&#8212;including Satele Shan, one of the Jedi Knights assigned to protect the fleet&#8212;but the battle claimed the lives of many on both sides and destroyed hundreds of vessels.[5] The fighting reached its peak in the Hoth system, where over seventy-five vessels were sent crashing to Hoth's surface.[6] Colonel Laren Omas, the driving force behind the Star of Coruscant project, survived most of the battle, but he was killed when his personal shuttle, the Starbreeze, was shot down over the planet.[7]
1	Zhell; Infinite Empire; Galaktiske Republik; Black Sun; Galaktiske Imperium; Den Nye Republik; Yuuzhan Vong Imperiet; Galaktiske Alliance, Galaktiske Imperium
1	Padmé Amidala første optræden på The Phantom Menace som dronning af Naboo Padmé Amidala gør hendes første optræden i prequel The Phantom Menace, udgivet 22 år efter A New Hope. Padmé introduceres som den 14-årige nyligt valgte dronning af Naboo, som vil afskaffe planetens besættelse af Trade Federation . Hun forsøger at forhandle direkte med Federation vicekonge Nute Gunray ( Silas Carson ), men han forsøger at få hende myrdet. Padmé undslipper ved hjælp af Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn ( Liam Neeson ) og hans Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi ( Ewan McGregor ), men de er tvunget til at lande på ørkenen planet Tatooine . Padmé - forklædt som en tjenestepige - opfylder ni-årige slave Anakin Skywalker ( Jake Lloyd ) og hans mor Shmi Skywalker ( Pernilla August ). Anakin giver hende en hånd-udskårne charme på en læder halskæde som Amidala vil senere blive begravet med. Hun vidner Anakin vinder sit første pod løb på Boonta Eve Classic og hjælper med at sikre sin frihed.
3	A cadre of Sith Massassi warriors accompanied Exar Kun and Mandalore the Indomitable as they burst through the doors of the Galactic Senate Hall. In the center of the Convocation Chamber was Ulic Qel-Droma, shackled and being judged by the entire Senate assembly, including the Supreme Chancellor of the Republic. Also present were Ulic's former allies: Jedi Knights Nomi Sunrider, Sylvar, and his brother, Cay Qel-Droma. In the presence of the appalled Senate, the Dark Lord freed Qel-Droma of his shackles through the Force, and in another gesture, used his Sith powers to mentally render the entire audience paralyzed, save the present Jedi and the Chancellor. Exar Kun then ascended the podium in the center of the Chamber, but was attacked by the bewildered Chancellor, whose futile attempt to defend himself caused Kun to bore his fingers into the Chancellor's cranium and hold him aloft, while mentally forcing him to repeat Kun's words as though he were a puppet. The Chancellor mimicked Kun's speech as he laid out his plans for restoring the fabled Sith Empire, even as he denounced the Republic and professed its obsolescence in his grand design. Kun then dropped the dead Chancellor in a pool of his own blood before a captivated audience, and collected the exonerated Qel-Droma, Mandalore, and his Massassi, with intentions of leaving. It was then that the Sith were yet again waylaid by the arrival of Kun's former teacher, Vodo-Siosk Baas.[2]
2	Separatistene ville ikke ha noen avtale, og da det ble oppdaget at de hadde en stor droide-hær, skjønte man at de ikke hadde fredelige hensikter. Derfor fikk Palpatine utvidet makt, slik at han skulle kunne takle krisen bedre. Han lovet å gi makten tilbake til senatet, når krisen var over.
3	Vorgan's article began with a general overview of the nature of writing, and a quotation from author Voren Na'al's recent chronicle of the galaxy's history. The doctor touched briefly upon the nature of Galactic Basic Standard&#8212;its origins in what had come to be known as Old Galactic Standard as well as its implementation as a widespread trade language. Vorgan mentioned the spoken language's basis in the Human culture of Coruscant, in addition to the fact that it had seen widespread use as the official language of governments and commerce since the inception of the Galactic Republic. However, the doctor reminded the reader that the universality of Basic was offset by the fact that it was recorded in a broad array of disparate writing systems, none of which had been embraced as a "primary" system. This was in spite of the fact that there had been many vain efforts over the years to install one of the writing systems as the definitive choice for recording Basic; instead, some of the systems had found more prominent use in certain cultures and professional sectors.[1]
2	I slaget om Christophsis slet Anakin og Obi-Wan, sammen med en liten armè av kloner mot en overveldene droidehær. De vant allikevel slaget, grunnet Republikkens sterke artilleri-kanoner. De fikk aliikevel problemer da Separatistene satte opp et energiskjold. Anakin Skywalker og hans padawan Ahsoka Tano måtte derfor snike seg forbi alle droidestyrkene usett og sprenge energiskjold-generatoren. Ødeleggselsen av skjoldet førte til seier for republikken. Samtidig med slaget på bakken, var det også et romslag, der Republikken forsøkte å ødelegge Separatistenes kryssere for å bringe forsterkninger til hæren på bakken.
1	Da de rejste til Helska IV opdagede de tre at "kometen" i virkeligheden var et af Yuuzhan Vongernes worldships. Spacecasteren blev fanget, og Tomri og Badeleg blev dræbt. Danni blev holdt i live efter ønske fra Yomin Carr, en Yuuzhan Vong kriger der havde infiltreret ExGal-4. Danni blev set som et værdigt offer til deres guder og blev holdt fanget på Helska IV indtil hun skulle ofres.
3	Away from his fighter, Darklighter ordered Jawaswag to start the X-wing's systems while he returned, even if the R2 unit had to suck the fuel synthesizer dry to do so. As stormtroopers killed colonists in the settlement's corridors and TIE Series fighters executed runs on the colony, Jawaswag and Darklighter departed the hangar in which the X-wing had been refueling to combat the attackers, but due to the fighter's fuel levels, the pair could only stay and fight for ten minutes before leaving the system. In the air over the colony, Jawaswag alerted Darklighter to the presence of a trio of TIE/IN interceptors, and the R2 droid acquired target locks upon the fighters before it started to record everything that happened at Darklighter's request. Jawaswag's pilot dispatched two of the enemy with proton torpedos, but the third TIE, which was out of control, managed to survive by flying into the chasm that housed the breached colony. After Darklighter followed the fighter into the colony and shot it down, Jawaswag and his pilot departed Halanit, as there was nothing more they could do for the colonists.[1]
3	The Kalibac Industries[1] MK-series maintenance droid[2] MK-09 served the Azzameen family and their trading business, Twin Suns Transport Services,[1] around 3 ABY;[4] members of the family affectionately referred to the droid as Emkay.[1] During this time, MK-09 was stationed aboard the family's YT-2000 light freighter Otana. When not aboard the Otana, the maintenance droid served on Azzameen Station monitoring shipping information, including statistics on Viraxo Industries&#8212;competitors of Twin Suns Transport Services&#8212;and maintaining the family's starships. The droid also spent time piloting craft in the family's combat simulator.[5]
1	Gennem hele filmen C-3PO er en folie til R2-D2 er vittigheder, [2], selv når C-3PO oversætter R2-D2 maskine tale for publikum. C-3PO var ejet af kaptajnen på det Tantive IV, men synes at følge R2-D2 i et forhold beslægtet med dem mellem menneskers børn, [HerzheldFP 1] C-3PO ofte efter R2-D2 rundt, og R2-D2 har brug C-3PO til at oversætte for ham. [HerzheldFP 2] Når R2 er beskadiget i Slaget om Yavin , C-3PO tilbyder at donere alle mekaniske dele personer i hans reparation. men denne overførsel er aldrig bekræftet [3]
3	Please consult this article's entry on the FAN page to see the review process and address objections. Do not remove this tag until the article's review is complete.
1	Imperiet lavede også mange små angrem Yavin IV (Belejringen af Yavin IV). Dette involverede drabene af Bothanernes Højesteråd, ødelæggelsen af en flygtende flåde, og talrige angreb på Massassi Templet.
3	As Vader tracked Cylo to the Crushank Nebulae, the scientist used the opportunity to launch an attempted hijack of the Executor, a Super Star Destroyer that he and the other scientists of the Tarkin Initiative had helped build. The Emperor, who had ordered Vader to destroy Cylo following the revelation of his treachery on Shu-Torun, was present to oversee the final stages of the new flagship's construction, making Cylo's attempt an effective coup against the Empire. However, Vader overcame all the assets Cylo sent against him, eliminating both his remaining subjects before confronting Cylo and his remaining clone bodies onboard his whale-ship and using a mind trick on the creature's brain to force it into a nearby sun. As Vader made his escape, Cylo's last remaining clone body desperately tried to change the whale-ship's course, burning up along with it when they crashed into the sun.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
3	Content approaching. Darth Vader Annual 2, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, Thrawn: Treason, Star Wars Adventures: Return to Vader's Castle 2, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (novelization), Dawn of Rebellion, Age of Rebellion - Grand Moff Tarkin 1 and Star Wars: The Rebel Files, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual–class.
1	I det efterfølgende slag gav Tenel Ka Jagged Fel, Jaina og Kyp Durron kommandoen over den genopbyggede Hapanske Armada. Under slaget brugte Jaina sine erfaringer med det stjåln Vong skib Trickster til at manipulere de tyngdemæssige signaturer som fjendens skibe udsendte. Derved blev Yuuzhan Vongerne narret til at angribe deres egne skibe. Efter et langt slag blev Yuuzhan Vongerne besejret, og Hapes forblev fri. Khalee Lah valgte senere at begå selvmord fremfor at kaster skam over sin far og Domæne Lah.
3	The Battle of Korriban was a conflict that occurred in the early days of the Great Galactic War between the reconstituted Sith Empire and the Galactic Republic, during which the Outer Rim planet Korriban fell back into the control of the Sith. Korriban was the ancestral homeworld of the Sith Empire, and had been a holy site and training ground for adherents to the Sith religion since its inception. Over one thousand years after the Sith's defeat in the Great Hyperspace War and their subsequent exile from Korriban, the dark side users returned to known space in the year 3681 BBY and launched a brutal campaign for dominance in the galaxy's Tingel Arm region. The attack prompted the Republic, which was severely under-prepared for such an assault, to rally its naval forces and send them into the Tingel Arm theater. The effort pulled defense vessels away from other planets, including Korriban, which was left without any substantive military defenses. A vigil over the world was maintained by the Jedi Order alongside a small number of Republic troopers, but that proved to be ineffective against the full force of the Sith naval fleet.
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
1	Jawa'erne var efterkommere af Kumumgah arten der beboede Tatooine længe før republikens formation. Senere ville Rakata arten fra Det uendelige emperium straffe Kumumgaherne for at trodse der autoriter, ved at beskyde planeten fra rummet som reducerede den engang grønne og smukke overflade af Tatooine, til ikke meget mere end glas, der eventuelt blev knust til sandet far skaber dens ørkner. Den ekstreme ændring af temperatur, delte Kumugah arten til to racer: de høje Sandfolk og de korte Jawa'er. Det er værd at bemærker at under Jedi borger krigen tiltalte Jawa'erne sig selv på en måde den hentydede at de ingen forbindelse havde til Sandfolket, og at de enda stammede fra en anden planet. Og dette bar sandheden eller    et forsøg på at lægge afstand imellem dem og deres voldelige fætre vides ikke. Og på grund af sandfolkets tradition med at vidregive historien mundligt, er det tvivlsomt at de overhoved kendte planetens historie.
3	Thirty years after the Empire's defeat at the Battle of Endor, the smuggler Han Solo brought Rey, a scavenger from the desert planet Jakku, to Kanata's castle. Kanata took interest in the girl, and when the Skywalker lightsaber called out to Rey through the Force, the smuggler queen told the scavenger to keep the weapon. Rey refused, however, and the human fled the castle, shortly before stormtroopers of the First Order arrived looking for her. During the ensuing battle, Kanata's castle was destroyed, and Rey was taken prisoner, so Kanata entrusted the lightsaber to Finn, a former First Order stormtrooper who abandoned his previous occupation, choosing to help the Resistance.
3	Resistance begins six months prior to the Battle of Starkiller Base, and eventually crosses over with the events of Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens.[8] When the series began development, the creative team was unsure of the details of Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi and Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, so they had to be careful to avoid any possible continuity conflicts with those films.[9] The show was planned to last only two seasons, so as to bridge the gap between the two films.[10][11]
1	Den næste dag, fortsatte de med at bygge barrikader, og mens General Ziering undergik en operation for at redde hans  venstre øje, var det Kommandør Frickett der ledte styrkerne.
3	Approximately nineteen years after the formation of the Galactic Empire, the galaxy is in a state of civil war. The Rebel Alliance has won their first major victory by stealing plans to the Galactic Empire's secret weapon, the Death Star. Hoping that the stolen plans can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy, Princess Leia Organa, who is in custody of the stolen plans attempts to race home aboard the Tantive IV. However, her ship is intercepted by the Imperial I-class Star Destroyer Devastator over the desert planet of Tatooine.
3	Before its destruction, the Death Star II's superstructure was still incomplete. Large sections of the outer hull were still missing, exposing the inner decks still under construction.[5]
3	In the desert, Malakili was attacked by the Red Key Raiders, criminals who had risen to power in Jabba's absence, but he was rescued by Sheriff Cobb Vanth and Issa-Or, self-proclaimed law enforcers. When the two learned Malakili was a beastmaster, they offered him a job in Freetown to work with rontos and teach a Huttlet. Malakili accepted the position and felt he had regained purpose. Vanth was concerned about the growing power of the Red Key Raiders, so with Malakili's help, the sheriff formed an alliance with a group of Tusken Raiders. Later, when Freetown was attacked by Red Key thugs, the Tusken Raiders arrived to help. Eventually, Malakili was reunited with Porcellus, the former head chef of Jabba's Palace. Together, they traveled to Mos Eisley and opened the Crystal Moon Restaurant.
1	I 2007 blev Yoda udvalgt af Empire Magazine som den 25. største film karakter nogensinde på deres liste over de 100 Greatest fiktive karakterer, Fandomania.com rangeret Yoda på nummer 60.
3	After years of maneuvering the galaxy into a state of war, the Clone Wars began when the newly formed Republic Military invaded Geonosis in 22 BBY. As leader of the Separatists, Dooku delegated military authority to a cadre of subordinates personally trained by himself, including General Grievous and Asajj Ventress. While Grievous was trained only in the art of lightsaber combat, Ventress was strong with the Force, affording her the opportunity to learn the ways of the dark side from Dooku. The Sith, however, remained faithful to Darth Bane's Rule of Two; and as such, Dooku was compelled to betray his disciple after Sidious became suspicious of his own apprentice's intentions. Though he sought to replace Ventress with Savage Opress and later Quinlan Vos, Dooku ultimately remained beholden to his master's will. By the third year of the war, Dooku and Grievous succeeded in abducting Chancellor Palpatine from the Republic capital of Coruscant in 19 BBY. During the ensuing Battle of Coruscant, he was confronted and defeated by the Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, who summarily executed the Count via beheading at the Chancellor's behest. In the days following Dooku's death, Palpatine revealed to the Jedi that he was, in fact, Darth Sidious, who betrayed his apprentice in order to replace him with Skywalker. With the subsequent fall of the Jedi Order, Sidious consolidated his power upon declaring himself Emperor of the Galactic Empire. As for Skywalker, he succeeded the late Darth Tyranus as Sidious' third and last apprentice, resulting in his transformation into Darth Vader.
2	(102 f.s.Y. - 19 f.s.Y.) Det var et stort sjokk for jediene da grev Dooku frivillig brøt sine forbindelser med dem. Hans ideer var ofte noen steg foran Jedirådets, til tross for at hans mester hadde vært Yoda. Dooku var en svært dyktig jedi, og blant hans padawaner var Qui-Gon Jinn, som nok tok til seg en del av Dookus uortodokse tanker. Dooku hadde en rød bøyd lyssabel, og brukte form II, noe som gjorde han vanskelig å felle!
3	On Wookieepedia, a spoiler is considered a spoiler up to and until one month after the official U.S. (or country of origin's) release date of the particular product. Therefore, any new information from said source must contain a spoiler tag until one month has passed since the product's release. Also, Quotes of the Day may not appear on the Main Page until at least one month after the United States release of the quote's source.
3	Wookieepedia contains a huge amount of information on all sorts of subjects within the official Star Wars universe ranging from individuals, locations, technology, weapons, organizations, and vehicles to everything and anything in between.  It also includes real-world articles on real-world culture and the creators who help build the saga. Try browsing the various categories now.
1	Verdenspremieren blev i Danmark fejret bl.a. ved at TV3 sendte alle de andre fem Star Wars-film i dagene op til premieren, og yderligere blev premieren også dækket i de danske tv-aviser.
3	Kressh's previous experiences with Lenico IV and her stasis-induced dreams did confound the Emperor and prevented him from remotely entering her mind, but her former Master was ultimately able to sense that she was indeed in the Lenico system. Under the command of their sovereign, the Dark Council charged another disgraced apprentice with the duty to find and destroy Kressh&#8212;Teneb Kel, a Human male and aspiring Sith assassin. Together with his Abyssin slave Maggot, Kel searched the various space stations orbiting Lenico IV until finally arriving on Colony Blue to confront its administrator, Baron-Surgeon Ybann the Hutt. Although the Hutt was of little help in the hunt, Kel continued to search the station until happening upon the stasis chambers.[1]
1	Under Yuuzhang Vong krigen måtte Jaina gå igennem mange prøvelser før hun blev udnævnt til Jedi-Ridder. Hun fik tilnavnet "Sword of the Jedi" og deltog aktivt i krigen, som jedi såvel som pilot i Rogue Squadron.
3	First of all, don't post your nominations here. There are two separate nomination pages for quotes: Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/In-Universe and Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Other. We split it into two pages to help keep load-times down.
1	Mara Jade blev indført i Timothy Zahn 's Arving til Imperiet (1991). Zahn forestillede Jade som en stærk, kompleks kvindelige karakter, som han fandt manglede i Star Wars universet . Mens kompetent, hun også er fejlagtig. [1] Når Thrawn Trilogy endte i 1993 med The Last Command , Zahn troede, det var den sidste bog, som han ville udvikle karakter. [2] Da Zahn blev bedt om at skrive endnu en roman, han etablerede to mål: "for at afslutte krigen mellem New Republic og Empire , og for at få Luke Skywalker . og Mara sammen " [2] Selvom Lucasfilm . oprindeligt modsatte tanken om Luke gifte Mara, de til sidst indvilligede [2]
3	Star Wars: Episode V The Empire Strikes Back, marketed as simply The Empire Strikes Back, is a 1980 film directed by Irvin Kershner and written by Leigh Brackett and Lawrence Kasdan from a story by George Lucas. It is the fifth episode in the Star Wars trilogy.
3	Star Wars 15, Swoop Racers, Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids, From a Certain Point of View, Age of Rebellion - Han Solo 1, Star Wars Annual 4, Choose Your Destiny: A Luke &amp; Leia Adventure, Star Wars Annual 2, Star Wars Book VI: Yoda's Secret War, Star Wars: The Screaming Citadel, Star Wars 33, Star Wars Book IX: The Ashes of Jedha, Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars Book XII: The Escape, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues, An Echo of Victory, Epilogue, Star Wars 1, Star Wars: The Last Jedi – The Storms of Crait 1, The Rise of Kylo Ren 1, The Rise of Kylo Ren 2, Age of Resistance - Supreme Leader Snoke 1, The Legends of Luke Skywalker, Force Collector, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, Star Wars: The Last Jedi Adaptation, Life Lessons, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: The Dark Side, Star Wars: The Secrets of the Jedi, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
1	Under den samme periode havde Alliancen også kæmpet mod Nagai-ledet koalition af Maccabree-krigere og Imperiale loyalister. Efter det voldsomme slag om Endor, som resulterede i en sejr til Alliancen, evakuerede de Endor og flyttede igen deres hovedstad. Efter endnu flere kampe med Nagai ved Iskalon og Trenwyth opstod et forvirrende slag om Zeltros. Hiromi, Nagai og den ukendte hitherto Tofs invaderede alle separat. I et ekstraordinært slag blev Tofs slået tilbage af de kombinerede styrker af Alliancen, Hiromi, Nagai og deres Imperiale supportere ved Slaget om Saijo. Både Hiromi Imperiet og Nagai ville alliere sig med Alliancen.
2	Senatet er ikke et privat forum for prat om det du opplevde på skolen i dag eller lignende. Spørsmål om Star Wars unniverset skal spørres i Mos Esley cantina.
1	Indledende udkast til Star Wars skrevet af Lucas i 1970'erne ikke forklare den rolle, som mor til Luke og Leia spiller i sagaen. Vage henvisninger til hende i Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi (1983), men den karakter var ikke fuldt realiseret før prequel trilogi af film, der blev udgivet mellem 1999 og 2005. Padmé Amidala blev portrætteret af skuespillerinden Natalie Portman i trilogien. En omfattende garderobe blev skræddersyet til tegnet ved kostumedesigner Trisha Biggar.
3	In 3 ABY, Xizor charged Guri with arranging the assassination of Luke Skywalker, hero of the Alliance to Restore the Republic and son of Xizor's rival, the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Vader. After an attempt on Skywalker's life by a Black Sun operative failed, Skywalker's sister Leia Organa sought Xizor's help in uncovering who was behind it. Xizor sent Guri to rendezvous with Organa and bring her to him on Coruscant. Skywalker later attempted to rescue Organa, infiltrating Xizor's Palace and confronting the Dark Prince. During the encounter, Guri fought with Skywalker, but was defeated by the young Jedi. However, Skywalker spared her life and Guri was able to escape the subsequent destruction of the palace.
2	Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace er en science fiction-film fra 1999 skrevet og regissert av George Lucas. Den var den fjerde filmen fra Star Wars-sagaen som ble lansert, og den første etter den indre kronologien.
3	Tobias Beckett was born on the planet Glee Anselm.[1] At some point before 10 BBY, he met the bounty hunter Aurra Sing and pushed her to her death. Sing's death was later recalled to Beckett while talking with Lando Calrissian, though Beckett claimed that he just pushed Sing and that it was the fall that killed her.[2]
3	In the year 3996 BBY during the Great Sith War, a duel took place in the Senate Hall of the Galactic Republic, between the Krevaaki Jedi Master Vodo-Siosk Baas and his former apprentice Exar Kun, now Dark Lord of the Sith. It commenced on Coruscant, in the Hall's Grand Convocation Chamber, during the trial of Kun's apprentice and fellow Sith Lord, Ulic Qel-Droma. Accompanied by Mandalore the Indomitable, Exar Kun arrived on Coruscant and stormed the Senate Hall, where he found Ulic Qel-Droma on trial for crimes against the Republic. Using Sith magic, the Dark Lord mentally froze the Galactic Senate assembly, leaving only the present Jedi and the Supreme Chancellor uninhibited. After freeing Qel-Droma, he then accosted and killed the Chancellor and prepared to exit; however, the Sith were halted by the arrival of Kun's former teacher&#8212;Jedi Master Vodo-Siosk Baas.
3	In 0 BBY,[1] Andor received intelligence that the Empire was building a superweapon with enough firepower to destroy a planet. The Alliance, in an attempt to make contact with the weapon's leading engineer, Galen Erso, decided to locate his daughter, Jyn. The rebels uncovered recent arrest files on Erso indicating that she was being held inside Imperial Detention Center &amp; Labor Camp LEG-817 on the planet Wobani under the alias "Liana Hallik." Having verified that information, General Davits Draven approved the formation of Extraction Team Bravo, a rapid-response team of marines led by Melshi.[4] The team included two other rebel troopers as well as K-2SO, a reprogrammed Imperial KX-series security droid,[2] which was recommended to Melshi by Andor.[6]
3	As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to escape the Galactic capital, a massive space battle erupts, into which race Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi and his former padawan, now Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, leading a mission to rescue the Chancellor. The Jedi fight through the Separatist armada. In the process, Obi-Wan's interceptor is damaged by buzz droids and his astromech, R4-P17, is destroyed. Anakin attempts to shoot the droids off, though succeeds only in blasting apart the wing of his former Master's vessel. Obi-Wan tells Anakin to hold his fire as he's not helping. Anakin agrees it was a bad idea. Obi-Wan tells Anakin to go on and rescue the Chancellor, but Anakin says he won't leave without Obi-Wan. Anakin uses one of his fighter wings to knock some of the buzz droids off Obi-Wan's fighter, but one manages to crawl onto Anakin's ship although it is quickly disabled by R2-D2. As they approach Grievous's flagship, Obi-Wan reminds Anakin their shields are still up, so Anakin breaks formation and attacks a shield generator, knocking out the shields on the docking bay of the ship. The two Jedi crash-land.
3	Revenge of the Sith was released in theaters on Thursday, May 19, 2005 (the same day that the first episode of the prequel trilogy The Phantom Menace was released in 1999), and premiered (out of competition) on the 2005 Cannes Festival May 15. The film was generally positively received by critics, especially in comparison to the two previous prequels. It broke several box office records in its opening week and went on to earn over US$800 million worldwide, making it one of the top-grossing movies of 2005. It is the second Star Wars film which used a high-definition digital 24 frame system for most of the movie's live-action scenes. The film was re-released in the Blu-ray format in September of 2011.
2	Form III er den mest defensive av alle formene. Formen ble utviklet for å kunne beskytte seg mot strålevåpen av ulik art. Det er en effektiv form, som gjør åpningene for fienden så små som overhodet mulig. En godt trent bruker av denne formen er svært vanskelig å slå i kamp. En form III-bruker tar tiden til hjelp i en kamp, og da formen er lite energikrevende, kan brukeren slå til når motstanderen er sliten.
1	Som den længste bogserie i Expanded Universe, kunne NJO lave flere lange story-arcs om de enkelte karakterer. Mange af de nye eller tidligere mindre karakterer blev sat i fokus og udviklede sig gennem serien. De mest tydelige er disse:
3	In 10 BBY, Qi'ra reunited with Solo on Vandor and accompanied him and his friends on a mission to retrieve coaxium. She recommended a ship owned by the smuggler Lando Calrissian and rekindled her relationship with Solo. After the mission was unsuccessful, she returned to Vos, whom she betrayed and killed to save Han. Despite this, however, Qi'ra left Solo behind as she traveled to Dathomir to meet with Maul, the true leader of Crimson Dawn.
3	During his tenure as crime lord, at some point after 13 BBY, Dryden Vos bought the Corellian Qi'ra from Sarkin Enneb, who in turn bought her from Lady Proxima, the ruthless Grindalid crime boss of the White Worms gang, who sold Qi'ra after her attempted escape from Corellia.[6] As such, Vos demanded in return her lifelong loyalty to Crimson Dawn, branding her forearm and her neck with his organization's symbol. Qi'ra became his top lieutenant. He even trained her in martial arts, including Teräs Käsi.[1] After Qi'ra became skilled in such arts,[7] she killed Enneb.[6] At some point Vos additionally made an uneasy alliance with the Pyke Syndicate.[1]
1	Serien begynder 21 år efter Oprørsalliancen ødelagde den anden Dødsstjerne. Den Nye Republik er plaget af interne konflikter og forsøger at bevare freden. En ny, ukendt fjende, kendt som Yuuzhan Vong, angriber fra den ydre galakse, og starter det der blev kendt som Yuuzhan Vong krigen. Jedierne kæmper, sammen med den Nye Republik, mod denne nye alien race der kæmper sig ind i galaksen og dræber og erobrer alt på sin vej.
3	Though controversial upon release, the film has proved to be the most popular film in the series among fans and critics and is now widely regarded as one of the best sequel films of all time, as well as one of the greatest films of all time. It was re-released with changes in 1997 and on DVD in 2004. The film was re-released on Blu-ray format in September of 2011. A radio adaptation was broadcast on National Public Radio in the U.S.A. in 1983. The film was selected in 2010 to be preserved by the Library of Congress as part of its National Film Registry.
1	Selvom Yuuzhan Vongerne tog Borleias tilbage fra den Nye Republik led de store tab, der inkluderede Czulkang Lah's død og tabet af et Koros-Strohna planetskib på grund af Lusankya vædring. Takket være den Nye Republiks folk, frivillige og Jedier såsom Wedge Antilles, Tycho Celchu, Lando Calrissian, Luke Skywalker, Jaina Solo, Kyp Durron, og Jagged Fel fik den Nye Republik et pusterum fra krigen hvor den kunne samles, hvilket gav mulighed for valget af Cal Omas og dannelsen af den Galaktiske Alliance. Slaget hjalp også med udbredelsen af rygtet om at Jaina skulle være inkarnationen af Yun-Harla.
3	Mothma worked with Organa and other allies to plant the seeds of rebellion against the Imperial regime. Mothma left the Senate after publicly denouncing Emperor Palpatine, which was soon followed by the establishment of the Rebel Alliance. Mothma sanctioned the recruitment of Jyn Erso, who led the Rogue One squadron in stealing the Death Star plans during the Battle of Scarif. After the Battle of Yavin saw the destruction of the Death Star, Mothma led the Alliance through the Galactic Civil War. The Battle of Endor, which Mothma helped plan with the Alliance High Command, saw the death of Emperor Palpatine and left the Empire in chaos.
3	Jyn Erso was born on the Outer Rim ice planet of Vallt in 21 BBY during the Clone Wars to Galen Erso, a pacifist scientist working for Zerpen Industries, and Lyra Erso, Galen's wife and colleague in the company. Born within a Separatist prison due to her father's refusal to use his intelligence and knowledge of kyber crystals to help the Confederacy in their war against the Galactic Republic, Jyn spent approximately six months in the care of her mother and the caretakers of the complex. At that point, Jyn and her parents were unexpectedly ordered onto a carriage and sent to a spaceport where, to the surprise of her parents, Lieutenant Commander Orson Krennic of the Republic Navy, who Galen knew from their time in the Republic's Futures Program, was waiting to extract them and bring them to Coruscant.[1]
3	While Sidious had been defeated, the Empire would attempt to maintain the charade of his survival, while struggling to fill the void left by his absence. But Sidious had never intended to be replaced. Prior to his demise, he created the Contingency to seemingly destroy the Empire in the event of his death, propagating the idea that Sidious believed the Empire did not deserve to survive without its Emperor. As a consequence, the Imperial remnants were further weakened and less able to resist the New Republic during the waning days of the Galactic Civil War. Ultimately, the Empire capitulated the war after the Battle of Jakku in 5 ABY, ending the era founded by Darth Sidious. In the following years after his demise, Sidious' legacy took the shape of what ultimately became the First Order, a hermit state which seized control of the galaxy upon destroying the New Republic and led by Supreme Leader Snoke, who was also a practitioner of the dark side of the Force created by Sidious using Sith science. The reign of Snoke would untimely end with his death at the hands of Kylo Ren, his own apprentice and Skywalker's grandson, who succeeded his master as the new Supreme Leader during the war against the Resistance, desiring to let the past die along with the Jedi and the Sith.
3	At the Temple, Jinn was adamant that Skywalker was the Chosen One and should, therefore, be inducted into the Jedi Order. Having inspected Skywalker for themselves, however, the High Council deemed him too old, emotional, and dangerously full of fear and anger. Jinn saw their decision as a temporary setback but was forced to set aside his plans for Skywalker in order to resolve the situation on Queen Amidala's homeworld. During the Battle of Naboo, Jinn and Kenobi confronted Darth Maul together. While they initially managed to fend off the Sith Lord's attacks, master and apprentice were eventually separated during the lightsaber duel, resulting in Jinn sustaining a mortal injury. Rushing to his master's aid, Kenobi fought and ultimately defeated the Dathomirian Sith but was unable to save Jinn. With his last breath, Jinn made Kenobi promise that he would take Skywalker as his apprentice. Having secured Kenobi's word, Jinn became one with the Force, dying with the certainty that he had found the prophesied Chosen One.
3	While en route to Vetine, Skywalker provided Bey with an Imperial officer's uniform and explained that she would be posing as Commander Beck and using the clearance codes stolen from the Wretch of Tayron. He also explained that the mission was to retrieve something the Emperor had stolen, but Skywalker did not explain what he was hoping to retrieve. The Antarra soon arrived and transmitted its clearance codes, giving it safe passage to land outside the base. Bey posed as Commander Beck while Skywalker posed as her bodyguard, and they were greeted by Commandant Hurron. Bey claimed she, as Beck, was there to perform a surprise inspection of the base. Hurron feigned ignorance, as he knew that Bey was not Beck&#8212;unlike Bey, Beck was missing her left eye&#8212;and proceeded to escort Bey, Skywalker, and Artoo into the facility.[2]
3	During the final years of the Republic, the galaxy was beset by political instability and social unrest which, in turn, created a secessionist crisis that ultimately resulted in the formation of the Confederacy of Independent Systems. Lacking the sufficient manpower needed to protect the galaxy, the Jedi became commanders and generals in the newly-formed Grand Army of the Republic. For roughly three years they commanded armies of clone troopers in a conflict known as the Clone Wars, engaging the Confederacy's battle droid forces led by Count Dooku&#8212;a former Jedi Master who became a Sith Lord&#8212;and the cybernetic warlord General Grievous. Though the Jedi fought to preserve the Republic, the government they served was secretly taken over by Sidious who, as Senator Sheev Palpatine of Naboo, rose to power in the Senate and became the last Supreme Chancellor of the Republic.
2	Etter at evakueringen ble avsluttet følger Luke Obi-Wans råd og reiser til Dagobah, som viser seg å være en sumpplanet. Der møter han Yoda, som begynner å trene han i bruk av Kraften.
1	Da General Solo senere fandt ud af, at Iron Fist havde overlevet slaget ødelagde han den over Dathomir. Mens han fløj i Millennium Falcon, ødelagde han Iron Fist's kommandobro med to missiler. Uden sine skjolde bukkede Iron Fist hurtigt under for den Hapanske flådes angreb, og blev tilintetgjort.
3	However, the droid had a flaw where it became aggressive and irritable during negotiations it was losing, and sometimes the droid deployed its blaster without warning. The Empire exploited the flaw and used the droid for security and as a probe droid. During the Galactic Civil War, which was fought between the Empire and the Alliance to Restore the Republic, Moff Jander Graffe used two Chiba DR-10 droids while on the planet Esseles.
3	As the war drew to a close, Windu became increasingly suspicious of the chancellor's motives, as Palpatine had amassed near-dictatorial control over the Galactic Senate, and sensed the rising power of the dark side in the galaxy. His suspicions were confirmed when Anakin Skywalker, a Jedi Knight and the Chosen One of ancient prophecy, discovered that Palpatine was Darth Sidious, the Dark Lord of the Sith who manipulated the Republic and the Separatist Alliance into war. Windu, along with Jedi Masters Kit Fisto, Agen Kolar, and Saesee Tiin, confronted Palpatine with the intention of arresting him. Instead, the Dark Lord attacked them, striking them down one by one until only Windu was left. Windu bested Palpatine in the confrontation and&#8212;deciding the chancellor was too dangerous to be left alive due to his influence over the government&#8212;prepared to strike him down, but the intervention of Anakin Skywalker, who saved the chancellor's life, led to Windu's death. As a result, Skywalker fell to the temptation of the dark side and was renamed Darth Vader.
3	The Last Jedi begins immediately after the events of Star Wars: Episode VII The Force Awakens, set thirty years after the conclusion of the original Star Wars trilogy. It continues the story of Rey and her discovery of the exiled Jedi Master Luke Skywalker, along with the story of the war between General Leia Organa's Resistance and the First Order.
1	Man kunne ikke tro det blev værre for folket, men en mutation i sygdommen gjorde at Rakaterne mistede deres forbindelse til Kraften. Efter at de alle havde mistede deres evne til at bruge Kraften, kunne de ikke længere ændre på deres egen teknologi. Da slaveracerne mærkede denne svaghed, gjorde mange af dem oprør på mange planeter, og det skyldte det totale kollaps for Infinite Empire. De tilbageværende kunne kun flygte tilbage til deres hjemplanet Lehon hvor de ville være i sikkerhed. I de følgende årtusinder blev alle optegnelser fra Infinite Empire slettet på alle planeterne (med enkelte undtagelser). Denne historie blev glemt for evigt indtil den blev opdaget under Jedi Borgerkrigen.
1	Trade Federation indførte en blokade af planeten Naboo.  kansler  Galaktiske Republik sender hemmeligt to Jedi, Qui-Gon Jinn og selv  Obi-Wan Kenobi til at forhandle med vicekonge I  Nutem Gunray. Efter landing på  cruiser Føderation Jedi ser frem til at byde publikum i hallen. Pludselig rummet begynder at lække gas, så riddere beslutter at forlade lokalet. Uden for de imidlertid venter dem  kæmpe Føderation og åbnede ild mod dem. Jedi ødelægge dem hoppende Bolty Blaster s og flytte broen at få fat i Viceroy. Undervejs de angriber deres  Droideka, som dækker energi tillader dem ikke at ødelægge dem i skak. Jedi beslutter at trække sig tilbage og få på planeten. De adskille og lade alle alene ombord på krydseren.
1	For at cementere den vundne kamp i Slaget om Endor, blev der kaldt sammen til den Første Konference for Frie Folk for at tackle alle de problemer der kom med styrelsen og skabelsen af Den Nye Republik.
2	Twilight ankommer Abgregado-systemet og starter å søke etter livsformer. Samtidig greier endelig klonene å få igang livssystemet i redningskapselen. De får straks inn et nødsignal fra kapsel 1977. Den andre kapselen har blitt fanget av en kapseljeger som har festet seg fast på kapselen. Ut kommer det droider som ødelegger vinduet og klonene blir sugd ut i verdensrommet.
3	Please note that for the remainder of this policy page, the lowercase term "canon" refers generally to official Star Wars information from either Canon or Star Wars Legends source material, while the capitalized term "Canon" refers to the official Lucasfilm canon continuity.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
3	The Star Map was a type of holographic image-based database that was stored inside a free-standing structure supported by three legs. Even though the Map itself was free-standing, it could be connected to another device, such as a computer terminal. Extending from the base were three "arms" engraved with runes; when the Map was activated, these armatures unfolded. As the arms locked into place, the base of the structure opened, allowing a projector orb to be released; the orb would then ascend from inside the base and project a holographic image of the galaxy. This image marked important locations within the Infinite Empire, highlighted to show the true extent of Rakatan influence and dominance.[1]
3	The Clone Wars is a WookieeProject formed of a group of Wookieepedians seeking to upgrade and maintain all articles related to the 2008&#8211;2014 Star Wars: The Clone Wars television series, including articles related to the feature film, webcomics, monthly comic series, novel series, and graphic novellas. This also includes video and platform games, such as the mobile game, Jedi Alliance, Lightsaber Duels, Republic Heroes, and Clone Wars Adventures, which were considered canon within the Star Wars Legends continuity.
2	Mester Yoda og Mace Windu kontakter Admiral Yularen som har dratt fra Christophsis for å hente forsyninger. Han sier de ikke har greid å få kontakt med troppene på planeten. Mester Yoda sier at de sender en budbringer for å gi beskjeden om  Jabbas sønn, og at Yularen må dra med budbringeren så snart hun annkommer.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
1	Alpha-17 holdtnøje opsyn med , CT-7567 og hans kollega soldater når de skulle udholde hårde øvelser der skulle give dem, selvstændig tænkning, improvisation og individualitet. Det var under dette ARC-program at CT-7567 blev venner med Senior Commander CC-2224. Alpha-17 belønnet dem med egenavne på grund af deres individualisme. CT-7567 fik øgenavnet Rex og CC-2224 fik øgenavnet Cody. Rex arbejdede tit sammen med Cody. Et eksempel er, Slaget om Tibrin, hvor de forsøgte og mislykkedes, sammen med Senior Commander Gree og flere Jedier, at fordrive Seperatistisk militær tilstedeværelse fra Tibrin. Selvom det var et knusende nederlag for Republikken, overlevede Rex, Cody og Gree.
3	WookieeProject Video Games is the combined efforts of all Wookieepedians willing to write, edit, or contribute in any way to articles pertaining to Star Wars computer or video games. We hope that you will join us in our quest to work on articles about video games! You may find the video game section on StarWars.com very helpful in your work. Since so many things are seen in Star Wars video games, we will be mainly working on articles about the video games themselves and things that originated and/or had a major role in a video game. (For example, even though Luke Skywalker plays a rather large role in Star Wars: Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast, he did not originate in that game, nor is the majority of the things about Luke Skywalker told in that game.) If you wish to join this Project, please sign your name below in the "Participants" section.
3	Dooku: Jedi Lost, Darth Maul 1, Darth Maul 2, Darth Maul 5, Age of Republic - Darth Maul 1, Queen's Shadow, Age of Republic - Count Dooku 1, Dark Disciple, Star Wars: Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith, Thrawn: Alliances, Thrawn: Treason, Palpatine,  Doctor Aphra 13, Star Wars 37, Star Wars 55, Doctor Aphra 36, Age of Resistance - General Hux 1, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars: On the Front Lines, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
1	Imens forsøgte Han Solo og Leia ombord på Millennium Falcon at evakuere Statoverhovede Borsk Fey'lya fra planeten, men sik til opgave at redde Luke Skywalker og Mara Jade Skywalker. Den anden angrebsbølge bestod af tusinder af Yorik-trema landingsskibe, Tsik-Seru airskimmere, sværme af Yorik-Vec angrebskrydsere og Coralskippere, legioner af Yuuzhan Vong krigere, og Chazrach support tropper. I desperation åbnede Bel Iblis' Flåde ild mod flygtningeskibene i et forsøg på at stoppe fjenden, men denne taktik blev kritisere af Admiralerne Sovv og Kre'fey, der ikke ville gå med til at dræbe uskyldige flygtninge. Coruscant var beskyttet af en stort minefelt, men disse havde ikke den ønskede effekt.
3	The Force as a recorded concept existed for well over twenty-five thousand years. There were multiple aspects of the Force. The Living Force was fueled by the energies of all lifeforms and, in turn, fed into the Cosmic Force&#8212;the Force that bound everything together and communicated through the midi-chlorians. A certain aspect of the Force was referred to as stonepower; its power was derived from a blue stone imbued with the Living Force. Stonepower allowed people that weren't Force-sensitive to wield the Force. The Jedi Order followed a code of selflessness and service to others; therefore, they adhered to the light side of the Force. Their adversaries, the Sith, coveted strength and power through the dark side of the Force. Their opposing philosophies led to millennia of conflict between the two orders, and ultimately resulted in the extinction of the Sith and the near annihilation of the Jedi.
1	Den Nye Jedi Orden lå fjernt fra Jedi Ordenen i den Gamle Republik (den Gamle Jedi Orden) med en nye Jedi Ordenens æreskodeks og et bredere syn på Kraften. Ordenens leder var Luke Skywalker, men også andre store Jedier såsom Kyle Katarn, Mara Jade og Kyp Durron havde meget at skulle have sagt i denne orden. Under Yuuzhan Vong krigen blev ordenen opdelt i to store fraktioner: den under ledelse af Luke Skywalker, der syntes at Kraften skulle bruges til fredelige formål, som i den Gamle Orden; og den under Kyp Durron, der mente at Jedier skulle tage en proaktiv, aggressiv holdning mod fjenderne, og mente at de på den måde kunne leve op til Jediernes roller som galaksens "beskyttere".
3	The Star Wars story has been presented in a series of American films, which have spawned a large quantity of books and other media, which have formed the Expanded Universe. The Star Wars mythos is also the basis of many toys and games of varying types. The films and novels employ common science-fiction motifs.
3	In the wake of Vader's failure to stop the Rebel Alliance victories at Yavin 4 and Cymoon 1, the Emperor approved Cylo's plans to test his apprentice. Intrigued by his Master's mysterious new agent, Vader hired bounty hunter Black Krrsantan to track him down and discover the nature of his work for the Emperor. Captured and interrogated by Vader's agents, Cylo revealed the location of his research base before his fourth body died as a result of torture droid 0-0-0's lethal interrogation techniques. With the death of this body, Cylo-V was activated. Shortly after he awoke, Vader launched an assault on his base in order to eliminate the potential competition for his place as the Emperor's enforcer. Cylo broke off the fight between Vader and two of his enhanced subjects, Morit and Aiolin Astarte, and revealed his plans to the Sith Lord. The Emperor soon arrived, demanding a test of Cylo's subjects. Sufficiently impressed, Palpatine declared that he would have missions for all of them but that only one would win his favor and a place at his side.
2	Leia fulgte i sin adoptivfars fotspor, og ble en politiker. Hun ble det yngste medlemmet noensinne i Imperiets Senat, hvor hun representerte Alderaan. Leia brukte ofte sin diplomatiske immunitet i oppdrag for opprørsalliansen i denne perioden.
3	During Amanoa's procession, a massive groundborer emerged from underground, revealing an army of darksiders led by the Dark Jedi Warb Null. The army managed to retake the coffins and retreated with them on their war machine into the subterranean levels of the city of Iziz, where it was suspected that Amanoa's husband, the sorcerer King Ommin, resided. Arca Jeth, Jedi Knight Ulic Qel-Droma, and Amanoa's daughter, Galia, followed the borer into the tunnels and discovered that Ommin, who had been previously thought to be dead by the general populace of Onderon, was indeed alive, and in league with the spirit of Freedon Nadd.
3	The Chiba DR-10 protocol droid was a small, spherical third-degree droid, which was equipped with repulsorlifts to hover over the ground. The droid was armed with a small, hidden blaster, an unusual feature for a protocol droid. The weapon could be deployed quickly from a hidden compartment on the droid's underside[2] and had about the same range and power as a blaster pistol.[1] Due to the droid's small size and repulsorlifts, it was quite agile, but it was unable to lift much weight.[2] The droid had a small probe that it could use to manipulate objects.[1]
2	Etter å ha fått en på plass en ny hånd, som en erstatning for den han mistet i kampen mot Vader, reiste Luke til Tatooine for å redde Han Solo fra Jabba the Hutt. Dette så ikke ut til å lykkes etter at han, Chewbacca og Han Solo hadde blitt dømt til døden, etter et mislykket førsteforsøk. Imidlertid klarte R2-D2 å redde dem på henrettelsesdagen, ved å gi Luke hans elskede lyssabel; og med den i hånden, klarte Luke å befri Han og de andre, samt å drepe Jabba og hans følge.
1	CC-2224, eller Cody, var en clone marshal commander assigned to High Jedi General Obi-Wan Kenobi of the Grand Army of the Republic throughout the Clone Wars.
2	I år 19 før Slaget ved Yavin ble Junkassa drept under angrepet på jeditemplet, ledet av Darth Vader og den 501. Legionen av klonekrigere. Han klarte og komme seg ut på en av landingsplattformene hvor han prøvde og nå senator Bail Organas airspeeder. Han ble skutt og drept av sersjant Fox før han klarte og nå Organa.
3	"Finn" was the nickname of FN-2187 ("Eight-Seven"), a Force-sensitive human male stormtrooper who served the First Order until his desertion and subsequent defection to the Resistance during the First Order–Resistance war. Though trained since birth to be a loyal and obedient soldier, FN-2187's conscience conflicted with the methods of the First Order. For a time he was unwilling to support the Resistance, hoping to escape the galactic conflict instead of fighting for a cause he believed was doomed to fail. As the galaxy became consumed by war, the renegade trooper was ultimately forced to decide where his true loyalties lay.
2	Talus terreng er mye likt Corellias terreng, med høye fjell, sletter og skog. Talus to byer Dearic og Nashal er mye mindere i størrelse og praktfulhet enn Corellias Coronet, men de er de eneste stedene på Corellia med urban komfort.
3	These are articles that may have their FA status removed by the Inquisitorius if not brought back up to quality. Please see what you can do to help the articles maintain their current status.
1	Iella Wessiri Antilles var en Corelliansk kvinde, CorSec agent og oprørs spion under den tidlige Borgerkrig. Hun var agent i Den Nye Republiks Efterretningstjeneste og giftede sig senere med Wedge Antilles.
1	Imperial I-class Star Destroyer,[2] også kendt som Imperial I-class Destroyer[3] og originalt Imperator-class Star Destroyer,[4] var et stort krigskib designet af Lira Wessex og bygget af Kuat Drive Yards[5][6] til den Galaktiske Republik op mod enden af Klon Krigene, men blev først brugte efter oprettelsen af det Galaktiske Imperium.[7][4]
1	Omkring 2.000 BBY da Republikken kollapsede ved starten af de  Nye Sith Krige, blev Republikkens Hær erstattet med den Jedi-ledet Hær af Lys. Efter slutningen på krigene i 1.000 BBY, eliminerede Ruusan Reformationen næsten Republikkens Militær. Republikkens Hær blev dog tilbage, men var nu kun en lille symbolsk styrke. De få resterende landmilitære enheder blev placeret under de Retslige Styrker. Republikken kom til at afhænge af lokale styrker for størstedelen af landstyrkerne.
3	Under Lando:Arakyd Tomral RM-76 heavy laser cannons (2)[7]Later:CEC AG-2G quad laser cannons (2)[1]Arakyd ST2 concussion missile tubes (2) (carrying 8 missiles)[1]Arakyd ST2 concussion missiles[2]Dymek concussion missiles[2]BlasTech Ax-108 "Ground Buzzer" blaster cannon (1)[1]Phylon C5 tractor beam emitters (2)[2]
2	Oppholdet på Tatooine ble lengre enn ventet, men etter mye dramatikk og spenning ved Boonta Eve-løpet, fikk de endelig tak i de nødvendige delene, samt den kraftsensitive gutten Anakin Skywalker.
1	Under Imperiets styre, producerede SFS vældig mange forskellige militærskibe. De fleste var relative små starfighters, patruljeskibe og planetforsvar. Men såvel som energisymstemet til Imperial-class design, byggede Sienar også en 600-meter Vindicator-class heavy cruiser på et design lavet af Wilhuff Tarkin, og dets Immobilizer 418 interdictor variant.
1	Som ung sith lærling rejste Plagueis rundt i galaksen under dække som Rugess Nomes revisor, mens de to sith-fyrster hemmeligt udførte missioner, der skulle sprede ufred og kaos for at bane vejen for sith-ordenens endelige herredømme over galaksen. En af disse, der også blev Plagueis' første mord, var et snigmord på industrimagnaten Kerred Santhe under en festmiddag på planeten Corulag. Under middagen kvalte Plagueis Santhe telekinetisk og bebrejdede Santhes død på kokkene, da middagen inkluderede en ål, der var kendt for at være giftig, hvis ikke den blev tilberedt korrekt, og offentligheden købte denne forklaring.
3	Tobias Beckett was a human male professional thief and gunslinger who worked for the Crimson Dawn crime syndicate during the era of the Galactic Empire. A native of Glee Anselm, Beckett organized a crew to help with his heist missions. Although he became a mentor to Han Solo, a young mudtrooper who joined Beckett's group, Beckett was a survivor who quietly worked out angles that enabled him to come out ahead. He made use of many blasters, including the RSKF-44 heavy blaster and DG-29 heavy blaster pistol. He also owned a DL-44 heavy blaster pistol before he gave it to Solo.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
3	Rose Tico was a female human who served in the Resistance as a maintenance worker during their conflict with the First Order, whom Tico had hated since she was a child. Tico's older sister, Paige, was a gunner in the Resistance.
2	Gjennom årtusener kjempet de mot jediridderne, men måtte til slutt gå under jorden, fordi de ble nedkjempet. Blant årsakene var at sithene bestandig hadde destruktive indre stridigheter. Dette førte til at Darth Bane introduserte prinsippet om at sithene alltid skulle være kun to i antallet - en mester og en elev.
1	Jar Jar rolle i Attack of the Clones er meget mindre, men hans handlinger er betydelige. Ti år efter at bidrage til at redde hans planet, er han en delegeret til Galaktiske Senat og som sådan spiller en rolle i at bringe sine gamle venner Obi-Wan og Anakin ( Hayden Christensen ) tilbage til Coruscant , hvor han byder dem med begejstring. Senere, på vegne af Naboo og Jedi, giver han en tale til de forsamlede Senat til fordel for udstedelse kansler Palpatine ( Ian McDiarmid ) store nødbeføjelser . Denne handling giver Palpatine den nødvendige magt han skal derefter styrte senatet og bringe galakse i det diktatoriske kontrol af Sith 's Galaktiske Imperium .
3	CT: Forum:CT Archive/Wookieepedia and the Licensed Insider Video Proposal: Time to Vote! &#8211; Vote 1: Oppose using videos; Vote 2: Potentially use videos on a case-by-case basis; Vote 3: No consensus; Vote 4: Potential user upload account for videos will be available to sysops only. Toprawa and Ralltiir (talk) 01:47, February 7, 2013 (UTC)
2	Slave I var et KSE Firespray patruljeskip som ble levert til fengselsplaneten Oovo IV sammen med noen andre prototyper for testing som patruljeskip. Jango Fett oppdaget skipet ettet at has tidligere skip Jaster's Legacy ble ødelagt under et oppdrag til Oovo IV. Fett ødela resten av prototypene og rømte i skipet. Fett brukte skipet i flere år helt til han døde på Geonosis. Skipet ble overtatt av hans klonesønn Boba Fett.
3	The Quote of the Day nomination page is the proving ground that all potential quotes must go through before appearing on the front page of Wookieepedia.
2	Neste rang var mestertittelen, som kun ble gitt til jedier som hadde vist eksepsjonelle bånd til Kraften. For det meste var det jedimestere som ble tatt opp i Jedirådet, dog var det unntak, som Ki-Adi Mundi (som senere ble mester) og Anakin Skywalker.
2	Skadene førte dem til Tatooine, hvor de måtte mellomlande for å reparere disse, på sin vei til galaksens hovedstad, Coruscant. Her møtte R2 sin fremtidige partner og venn, C-3PO, samt den unge og  kraftsensitive piloten Anakin Skywalker. R2 fungerte som astromekaniker for ham, da han ved et uhell kom til å havne i romkampene under slaget ved Naboo, hvor han ved hjelp av noe flaks presterte å ødelegge Handelsføderasjonens kontrollskip.
3	In 3998 BBY, the Museum of Dark Side Antiquities on Coruscant organized a presentation for display to the public entitled The Dark Lords of the Sith. Located within the Museum's Sith Hall, the exhibit was dedicated exclusively to the history of the ancient Sith Empire and its rulers, the Dark Lords of the eponymous Sith species.
3	Aeos Prime was home to the krakavora,[1] a species of aquatic creature that could fly using webbed wings, which the Aeosians often used as transportation.[4] The atmosphere of Aeos Prime was breathable to a number of species, including the native Aeosians and humans.[1]
1	Med hensyn til seriens interne kronologi, først de Skywalkerne dukkede op i 1999 filmen Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace . I denne film, Jedi Knight Qui-Gon Jinn opdager Shmi Skywalker og hendes søn Anakin som slaver på planeten Tatooine . Qui-Gon finder, at Anakin har en højere midi-chlorian count end nogen anden Jedi, midi-chlorians forklares som værende mikroskopiske organismer, som forbinder levende ting til Kraften. Shmi oplyser Qui-Gon, at Anakin havde ingen far, der fører Qui-Gon at udlede, at Anakin blev udtænkt af de midi-chlorians, et eksempel på en mirakuløs fødsel . Som filmen skrider frem, Anakin blade Tatooine at begynde sin Jedi træning.
1	Men Republikkens styrker blev hurtigt nedkæmpet, da de undervurderede Yuuzhan Vongernes styrke. Yammosken bandt soldaterne sammen med telepati, og fik dem til at kæmpe som én. Men denne koordination blev Rejuvenator, og Republikkens Ranger-class gunships ødelagt.
1	Samtidig var Super Star Destroyeren Executor ved at blive færdigbygget på Fondor. Dette mægtige skib kunne kæmpe mod en hel flåde af små skibe og tjente som Vaders flagskib. Som hævn over dødsstjernen ødelæggelse ville Vader bruge Executor mod Oprørerne.
3	Ten years before the Battle of Yavin, the scoundrel Tobias Beckett became indebted to Vos, promising him a good amount of coaxium as payment.[1] Prior to his indebtedness, Beckett killed the bounty hunter Aurra Sing under Vos' orders, something which pleased Vos enough to give Beckett a bonus.[6] Beckett and his crew attempted to steal a container full of coaxium that belonged to the Empire from a conveyex transport. Unfortunately for Beckett, the heist ultimately failed due to the intervention of Enfys Nest and her swoop pirate gang, the Cloud-Riders, costing him the cargo and two of his teammates, his lover Val and the Ardennian pilot Rio Durant. However, his recruit, the young Han Solo, insisted that he meet Vos to talk with him about what had happened.
1	Wedge's tidlige liv var opdelt mellem hans skolegang på Corellia og hans arbejde på Gus Treta rumstationen med hans ældre søster Syal, hvor hans forældre, Jagged og Zena, styrede et brændstofsdepot. Syal stak af da Wedge var syv, og han hørte intet fra hende i mange år. Wedge brugte halvdelen af hvert år i sin ungdom på en landbrugskole på Corellia og brugte den anden halvdel på rumstationen, hvor han lærte at styre og reparere skibe. Da han var ung ville han gerne være arkitekt. [1]
2	Litt senere i filmen får våre helter virkelig trøbbel når Separatistene har satt opp et stort energiskjold som hindrer jedienes livsviktige våpen artillerikanonene å trenge inn til droidene. Anakin og Ahsoka greier imidlertid å snike seg forbi droidene og sprenge skjoldgeneratoren. I samme øyeblikk ankommer Admiral Yularen med forsterkninger. Separatistene har tapt.
2	Alle klonene ble kontrollert av sjefforsker Ko Sai. De små forskjellene i biokjemi, gjorde at alle klonene ble forskjellige. De som fjernet seg for langt fra normen, måtte "normaliseres".
2	Luke vokste opp på planeten tatooine, med sin tante og onkel. Men de fortalte aldri Luke historien om hans far, Anakin Skywalker, og om hans fall til den mørke siden og skikkelsen Darth Vader. Luke likte seg aldri på tatooine, og ville hele tiden reise bort fra planeten. Denne drømmen ble til virkelighet på en trist måte. En dag kjøpte Luke og hans onkel droidene C-3PO og R2-D2 fra jawaene. Det viste seg raskt at den lille droiden var svært så opphengt i en viss Obi-Wan Kenobi, og Luke som kjente en Ben Kenobi, la sammen to og to, og bestemte seg for å besøke eneboeren. Luke hadde rett, for det viste seg at Ben og Obi-Wan Kenobi var samme personen. Obi-Wan fortalte Luke om faren hans, men røpte aldri hele sannheten. Da Luke kom hjem etter dette møtet, fikk han se at gården til onkelen var brent ned, samt de forbrente skjelettene deres; de hadde blitt drept av Imperiet, noe som gjorde at Luke kunne bli med Obi-Wan til Alderaan og lære om Kraften.
3	See the request on the listing or on this article's talk page. Once the improvements have been completed, you may remove this notice and the page's listing.
3	The film stars Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Anthony Daniels, Naomi Ackie, Domhnall Gleeson, Richard E. Grant, Lupita Nyong'o, Keri Russell, Joonas Suotamo, Kelly Marie Tran, with Ian McDiarmid and Billy Dee Williams. Fisher, who passed away in 2016 prior to the film's production, appeared via unused footage from The Force Awakens. The film was first announced after The Walt Disney Company acquired Lucasfilm Ltd. in 2012. Colin Trevorrow was initially announced as the director and writer of the film, but he and Lucasfilm parted ways in September 2017, with Lucasfilm citing "creative differences" over the project. On September 12, 2017, Abrams and Terrio were announced as the new director and writers.
1	Padawaner fulgte og hjalp deres Master overalt, fra simple opgaver til farlige missioner, medmindre det ikke passede Master. Undervejs i denne proces fik de erfaring og blev guidet personligt. Padawaner, der tilhørte racer, der groede hår på hovedet, fik typisk lavet en fletning, der symboliserede, at de var på lærlingestatus, selvom der var nogle få undtagelser hos nogle racer, selv mennesker. Når en Padawan klarede 'prøverne', blev han eller hun hævet til ridderskab, og deres fletning blev skåret af under ridderceremonien. Der var ikke nogen bestemt alder, når dette skete, nogle padawaner blev voksne, inden de blev slået til Ridder, men for mennesker skete det for det meste i begyndelsen af tyverne til midt i tyverne.
3	Star Wars is a science-fiction franchise comprising movies, books, comics, video games, toys, and animated shows. It is a fictional universe created by George Lucas. The Star Wars story employs archetypal motifs common to science fiction, political climax and classical mythology, as well as musical motifs of those aspects.
3	The Knights hailed from the Unknown Regions of the galaxy, where local folklore warned for centuries of marauders known as the Knights of Ren. The modern Knights were Supreme Leader Snoke's gift to his apprentice Kylo, who was promised powerful followers if he proved worthy to lead them. As such, Kylo became the archetype of a new generation of dark side users that emerged to fill the void left by the Sith's demise. During the First Order's war against the Resistance, the Knights served as Supreme Leader Kylo Ren's personal bodyguards but were also tasked with hunting Rey, the last Jedi who shared a connection with their master. After Kylo renounced the dark side, the Knights regrouped on the planet Exegol where they were slain in battle by their former leader, the redeemed Jedi Ben Solo.
1	Søgningen efter en skuespiller til at spille den karakter sluttede, da Samuel L. Jackson udtrykte sit ønske om at være i den næste film, som borgerne vil senere lære skulle døbt The Phantom Menace. Lucas så tilbød ham rollen, som Jackson accepteret og dermed underskrevet den, men med visse bestemmelser om skildringen af ​​hans karakter. Bevidst, at klimaks prequel trilogien sidste ende vil opfordre til Mace Windu død, en af de betingelser var, at hans karakter dø i en spektakulær måde, snarere end at blive dræbt ingloriously "ligesom nogle punk". [3]
1	Jaina blev født fem minutter før sin tvilling Jacen, ved udgangen af Thrawn krisen. I begyndelsen blev de taget af, af deres forældre, der dog viste sig meget fraværende, på grund af krisen omkring dem. Med til at opdrage dem, var også Leias barnsomsveninde, Winter.
2	Magnaguarder var på Grievous leir på Vassek, på Boz Pity og ombord Grievous skip Invisible Hand. IG-101 og IG-102 møtte Anakin Skywalker og Obi-Wan Kenobi til duell på kommandobroen, men Obi-Wan og Anakin klarte å bekjempe dem.
2	Obi-Wan Kenobi og Anakin Skywalker får i oppgave å beskytte henne. I senatorboligen ser alt ut til å være fint, men plutselig slår nok et mislykket drapsforsøk til. Obi-Wan og Anakin følger etter, og sporer etter hvert opp dusørjegeren Zam Wessel. Før hun blir drept av sin arbeidsgiver, røper hun at oppdragsgiveren er en dusørjeger til de to jediene.
2	De fant raskt ut at Prinsesse Leia Organa var tatt til fange på den gigantiske kampstasjonen. Solo gikk med på å redde henne, da han ble lovet mange penger for det. Dette klarte de, og de reiste så til Yavin 4, til Opprørsalliansens base der. Han bestemte seg for ikke å delta i angrepet på Dødsstjernen, men han ombestemte seg tidsnok til at han kunne avbryte Darth Vaders skyting på Luke. Dette gjorde at han kunne ødelegge hele kampstasjonen. For disse heltedådene fikk han en æresmedalje av Opprørsalliansen.
1	Atton Rand, også kaldt "Jaq," var en pilot der hjalp Jedi Exile med at besejre Sith Triumviratet. Han blev født på en ukendt planet, og sluttede sig til Republikkens militær hvor han kæmpede under Revan under Mandalorian Krigene. Hans loyalitet var så stærk at han gik over til Revan's side da Jedien blev en Sith. Under Revan blev han oplært som Jedi Jæger. Hans job var at fange Jedier så Revan kunne vende dem til den mørke side med tortur, manipulation og smerte. Men da en kvindelig Jedi fange fortalte ham at han var Kraft-følsom, og at han selv kunne risikere samme behandling, flygtede han.
2	501. Legion ble også sendt til Felucia for å finne 182. Legion sammen med Aayla Secura og 327. Stjernekorps. De kjempet også på Kashyyyk med Yoda og 41. Elite Korps og på Utapau med Obi-Wan Kenobi og 212. Angrepsbattalion.
3	With his powers growing stronger, Bridger took on more leadership roles in the rebellion, including helping Captain CT-7567 "Rex" and a surviving battalion of Separatist Alliance battle droids make peace and bring a sense of closure to the unresolved Clone Wars. Bridger also came into conflict with Grand Admiral Thrawn, helped fellow crewmate Sabine Wren in her quest to reunite the Mandalorian people, and sought to find Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi, whom Bridger believed was key to destroying the Sith.
3	The modern Republic emerged a thousand years before the advent of the Clone Wars in 22 BBY. A new era of peace dawned across the galaxy in the aftermath of the last war between the ancient Sith Lords and Jedi Knights, sweeping away centuries of darkness lumped into a collective whole known as the "Old Republic" and ultimately forgotten when history began anew. At the height of its power, art and commerce flourished across the Republic while isolated conflicts remained few and far between, the result of the Jedi Order's mandate as guardians of peace and justice. Using propaganda to cultivate a sense of civic duty and manifest destiny, the Republic embraced a policy of expansion, determined to see its banner spread from the Core Worlds to the Outer Rim Territories. During the Fall of the Republic, which began with the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY, its principles had been eroded by corrupt politics and the apathy of an aimless generation. At the same time, a growing number of disaffected citizens came to view the Republic as distant, dispassionate, and not worth the membership. Manipulated by the Sith, the newly-formed Confederacy of Independent Systems went to war with the Republic, pitting the Separatist Droid Army against the Jedi-led Grand Army of the Republic.
3	Two weeks is provided as a minimum time frame for thread length, though a thread should only be closed if it is clear that a consensus has been reached, or if no consensus has been reached and the thread has not been edited by a vote-eligible Wookieepedian in five days after at least two weeks of being active. Also, for threads closed by section (some of the MOS ones, for example), each section would have to be dormant for five days after a minimum of two weeks in order to be closed, not necessarily the entire forum. If that makes sense. These length guidelines do not apply to CSD threads. This lack of activity and consensus is an indication that a community agreement is not forthcoming. Should a thread be closed, it is the responsibility of the administration to properly address the result of the thread and apply it to the site and its policies as need be.
3	Obi-Wan Kenobi was a Force-sensitive human male and a legendary Jedi Master and member of the Jedi High Council during the Fall of the Republic. During the Age of the Empire, he went by the alias of Ben Kenobi in order to hide from the regime that drove the Jedi to near extinction in the aftermath of the Clone Wars. A nobleman known for his skills with the Force, Kenobi trained Anakin Skywalker as his Padawan, served as a Jedi General in the Grand Army of the Republic, and became a mentor to Luke Skywalker prior to his death in 0 BBY.
2	Det var der hun og følget kom over en del av et Rakatansk Stjernekart i en eldgammel ruin i nærheten av Jedienklavet. Revan og Malak hadde allerede funnet det fem år tidligere da de brøt seg inn i ruinene. Dataene i Stjernekartet ville lede dem til Star Forge, en gammel fabrikk som kunne ble brukt av Malak til og bygge den nesten uovervinnelige Sithflåten. Men for og kunne finne lokasjonen til Star Forge måtte de først få samlet informasjonen fra de fire andre stjernekartene som lå spredt rundt i galaksen. Jedirådet på Dantooine sendte Revan på et oppdrag for og finne Star Forge og stoppe Malak, med Bastila til og guide ham.
1	Kommandør Frickett gik i panik og beordrede alle tropper til at skyde for at "besvare et angreb med angreb" som han lærte på akademiet. Løjtnant Janek Sunber prøvede at advare ham om at det var en fælde, men der var ikke nogel der lyttede, og Frickett stormede ud på markerene, og tog sine tropper med sig. Hæren opdagede hurtigt at Amanierne kun havde vist dem selv for at få Imperiets folk ud af deres base så de kunne angribe dem på markerne. Mange soldater blev dræbt, inklusiv Frickett selv, og den anden Juggernaut blev angrebet og ødelagt. De døde soldater blev plyndret for våben og udstyr, som Amanierne kunne bruge i deres kamp.
3	About eleven years later, soldiers from the Thaereian military, an armed force that was active in the Cularin system, invaded Uffel and occupied a production line in X2-4. The threat of the Thaereians led to the activation of protocol within the programming of half of the Uffel droids, which caused them to become hostile to organic beings. HG-211 became the leader of a faction of loyalist droids that opposed the anti-organic droids, and he enlisted the help of the Heroes of Cularin to repulse the Thaereian invaders and to resolve the droid schism.
3	In 3643 BBY,[4] near the end of the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire, the native Flesh Raiders of the Jedi Order's adopted homeworld of Tython began attacking other groups on the world in great numbers. Thanks to the actions of Jedi Master Orgus Din and his new apprentice, the Order discovered that Din's former Padawan, Bengel Morr, was the mastermind behind the Flesh Raiders' invasion. The Nautolan Morr had been present in the Jedi Temple on Coruscant during the Sacking of the capital planet by the Sith over ten years earlier. Morr was able to escape the devastation, fleeing into the ruins of the Temple and going into hiding,[5] but his gentle personality was destroyed.[3] Over the next decade or so, while the Jedi retreated to Tython and built a new Jedi Temple, Morr recruited a Human apprentice named Callef and plotted to destroy the Jedi Order. Viewing the Order as weak and hypocritical, Morr wanted to rebuild it into something strong enough to destroy the Sith. Using the Flesh Raiders as soldiers and training some of them in the ways of the Force, Morr urged the natives to become increasingly aggressive and strike more boldly at the Jedi, as well as the Pilgrims, who had also emigrated to the planet.[6] However, Morr's plans were disrupted when Callef, at his master's directive, led a Flesh Raider invasion force against a Jedi base in the area known as the Tythonian Gnarls. Instead of a successful strike against a relatively unprotected outpost, Callef was killed by a recently arrived Padawan and the Flesh Raider force turned back by a team of Jedi.[7]
3	Trouble Again, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars Book II: Showdown on the Smuggler's Moon, Star Wars: Vader Down, Star Wars Book IV: Rebel Jail, Star Wars Book V: The Last Flight of the Harbinger, Star Wars 36, Star Wars 37, Star Wars Book IX: The Ashes of Jedha, Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars Book XII: The Escape, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues, A Matter Of Perception, Moving Target: A Princess Leia Adventure, Hare-Brained Heist, Star Wars: Poe Dameron, Force Collector, Star Wars: The Force Awakens (novelization), &#160;""&#8212;Star Wars Adventures Ashcan, Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, Resistance Reborn, Allegiance 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 2, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary
3	The secret mission to Geonosis was carried out by the Sith Lord Darth Vader not long after the Battle of Yavin. Having fallen out of favor with Emperor Palpatine, Vader had recruited the rogue archaeologist Doctor Chelli Aphra and the assassin droids BT-1 and 0-0-0 to assist him in building an army of unquestionably loyal battle droids. Vader soon arrived on the planet Geonosis and his team infiltrated the lair of Karina, a Geonosian queen who had utilized a droid factory to produce battle droids as her "children" after she was injured and left unable to produce offspring during the sterilization of Geonosis. While BT-1 fired on the queen's B1 battle droids, Vader and Aphra severed the queen from her factory, and Aphra used her starship, the Ark Angel, to blow a large hole in the roof of the lair so that Vader's own starship could then extract both the factory and Vader's team with a large crane. The captured droid factory began producing BX-series droid commandos for Vader, which he used to assault the research base of a rival Imperial operative named Cylo.
3	Most importantly, add the following code after the "Appearances" and "Sources" sections, but before the "See also" and "External links" sections. This code will automatically display the reference list, showing nearly everything tagged with ref tags.
1	Da de var blevet fordrevet fra den galaktiske hovedstad Coruscant, angreb elementer af den Nye Republiks Flåde Gruppe Tre, uden ordrer, planeten Borleias, der var blevet brugt som samlingspunkt til angrebet på Coruscant og var blevet givet til Domæne Kraal. Da han vidste, at flygtninge fra Coruscant ville flygte mod Borleias, og ville have hævn mod Yuuzhan Vongerne, angreb General Wedge Antilles planeten. Den Nye Republik vandt hurtigt rumkampen mod Domæne Kraal, og begyndte deres angreb på Borleias.[1]
3	In the years that followed, during the rule of the Galactic Empire, Chewbacca became a smuggler and the co-pilot of Captain Han Solo aboard the Millennium Falcon. They worked in the employ of crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure until Solo was forced to dump a shipment of spice to avoid trouble with the Empire, at which point a bounty was placed on their heads. Soon thereafter, Chewbacca and Solo were hired by Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi to ferry him, Luke Skywalker, C-3PO, and R2-D2 to Alderaan on a mission vital to the survival of the Alliance to Restore the Republic. After finding Alderaan was destroyed, the group was brought aboard the Death Star, where they helped Princess Leia Organa escape from captivity and return to the Rebel base on Yavin 4. Though Chewbacca and Solo initially chose to leave Yavin 4 and not join the Rebellion, they ended up fighting in the Battle of Yavin and were instrumental in Skywalker's destruction of the Death Star, a major victory for the Rebellion.
3	Board the Millennium Falcon and journey to a galaxy far, far away in Solo: A Star Wars Story, an all-new adventure with the most beloved scoundrel in the galaxy. Through a series of daring escapades deep within a dark and dangerous criminal underworld, Han Solo meets his mighty future copilot Chewbacca and encounters the notorious gambler Lando Calrissian, in a journey that will set the course of one of the Star Wars saga's most unlikely heroes.[15]
1	Mace Windu er en af de tidligste navngivet og skabte figurer i Star Wars historie, som er fortælleren af de oprindelige 1973 udkast til den originale Star Wars film (senere kaldet Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope ). [2] Gennem processen med omformulering og copyediting, blev hans karakter fjernet fra den oprindelige film og dens to efterfølgere, men han blev genindført i 1994, hvor seriens skaber George Lucas begyndte at skrive den prequel trilogien.
3	K1-1R was a military droid with a masculine persona who operated during the waning years of the Galactic Republic. While at one point he served a master, he later became independent and forged a career as a successful bounty hunter. During the Clone Wars, K1-1R joined forces with fellow bounty hunters Drokka and Shiana Trist to attempt to claim a large bounty that had been placed on the Heroes of Cularin, a group of freelance agents from the Cularin system. Trist and some droid drones controlled by K1-1R captured the agents inside a factory on the moon Nar Shaddaa, and the three hunters subsequently planned to freeze their captives in carbonite. However, when the agents broke free and attacked the bounty hunters, K1-1R was destroyed by blasterfire during the ensuing firefight.
2	I Republikkens siste dager var Yoda et seniormedlem av Jedirådet. Hans rolle var å trene de aller yngste elevene, de som ikke hadde noen mester. Når disse elevene ble eldre, ville de bli trent videre av en jediridder eller jedimester.
3	Commanded by Jedi Knight Satele Shan, the Republic defense group engaged the Imperial Army on Rhen Var and carved a path toward Darth Mekhis's command center. Although the ranks of the Republic Army suffered enormous losses in the battle, Shan and fellow Knights Syo Bakarn, Jaric Kaedan, and Bela Kiwiiks rallied their forces and continued their advance. After an extensive skirmish in the frosted forests of Rhen Var, Shan herself stormed Mekhis's compound and engaged the Dark Lord, grievously wounding the Sith during their duel and claiming victory for the Republic. The Republic's losses during the battle were immense, but the triumph on Rhen Var halted the Empire's advance and briefly turned the tide of the Great Galactic War.
1	Denne Regering eksisterede i kun en måned før den formelle skabelse af Den Nye Republik. Først besejrede den Ssi-ruuk ved Bakura, for første gang kæmpede de sammen med Imperiets styrker imod den fælles fjende. Selvom den midlertidige alliance var skrøbelig og fyldt med mistanke på begge sider, var det et symbolsk træk for Alliancen.
3	The Force Awakens was released on December 17, 2015 in the United Kingdom, Mexico, Latin America, and Asian countries; December 18, 2015 in North America; and January 9, 2016 in China. Some North American theaters offered special limited advance showings on the evening of December 17th rather than the traditional midnight showing. The film received widespread critical praise upon its release and was a massive box office success, becoming the highest grossing film of all time in North America when not adjusted for inflation. Worldwide, the film was the third highest-grossing film of all time at the time of its release (behind Avatar and Titanic). It is currently the fourth highest-grossing film of all time (behind Avengers: Endgame, Avatar and Titanic).
3	Prior to the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY,[4] Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas commissioned Kaminoan scientists to create clone troopers to form the Grand Army of the Republic.[2] TX-828 was one of the final clones to be bred on the planet Kamino, and at some point during his service[1] in the clone army,[3] he gained the nickname "Torrent."[1] In 19 BBY, the Galactic Republic was reorganized into the Galactic Empire,[4] and due to the accelerated aging of clone troopers and his late production, TX-828 became one of the last few in service.[1]
1	Dette forsøg lykkedes dog langtfra. I filmene kan man opleve, at der er lyd i rummet. Da vi ved, at rummet er tomt, også for luft, kan der ikke være lyd, da lyd nemlig bevæger sig gennem luften - eller andre objekter. Alligevel har Lucas' rumkampe flotte lydeffekter og lign. Lucas har selv udtalt, at i hans univers, er der luft i rummet. Ligeledes kan de mange eksplosioner - som f.eks. når Dødsstjernen eksplodere - ikke have så meget ild, da eksplosioner og ild kræver tilstedeværelsen af ilt.
1	Da de landede på Jabiim, blev de mødt af en rasende flok mennesker, der tog dem til fange. Luke prøvede at finde ud af hvad det præcis var hans far havde gjort mod Jabiim-folket. Imens blev de eneste folk der kunne hjælpe dem - X-wing-piloterne Wedge Antilles og Derek Klivian - opdaget af nogle af Imperiets skibe på vej mod Jabiim med ordrer om at dræbe og fange planetens beboere. Blandt Imperiets skibe var der nogle Acclamator I-class assault ships, der var kendte for deres brug som slaveskibe. De to oprørere fortalte deres fangevogtere, at Imperiet var kommet for at gøre Jabiim-folket til deres slaver.
2	Jedipedia er en Star Wars encyclopedia skrevet og redigert av dens lesere, kjent som Jedipedianere. Denne siden er en Wiki, som betyr at alle inkludert deg, kan redigere alle artikler ved å trykke på Rediger-linken som finnes på toppen av alle artikler.
2	Det er blitt funnet en gammel dagbok fra Darth Vaders hemmelige arkiv som han brukte ivrig før hans tragiske død i kamp mot sin egen mester. Anakin Skywalkers advokat har inndratt store deler av innholdet, men vi er blitt skjenket den ære å få sitere en vond tid i Vaders forvrengte livshistorie. Det er herved avslørt at Darth Vader faktisk eide et større lager av sarte følelser enn vi tidligere har anntatt.
3	After using air strikes to quash native resistance, the Sith Lords occupied the capital as a headquarters while they waited to be resupplied. The situation quickly turned to crisis for the Imperials: as they ran low on war matériel, the Republic retaliated by sending a sizable fleet of corvettes and cruisers to retake the system and uproot the entrenched Imperial ground forces. Although Malgus attempted to take command of the situation in space, he quickly lost most of his fleet, and the battle became untenable. After one of the Empire's damaged Harrower-class dreadnaughts fell to the surface of Ord Radama and obliterated Livien Magnus and all of the Imperial forces stationed within&#8212;including Darth Venemal&#8212;Lord Malgus was forced to retreat from the planet aboard the dreadnaught Lindworm.
1	Under Blokaden af Naboo (32 BBY), blev R2-D2 ejet af de Royale Ingenører på Naboo. De Royale Ingenører var berømte for deres forbedringer af R2 droids, og gjorde dem til nogle af de mest ønskede droids i Galaksen. Han spillede en vigtig rolle i Dronning Amidalas flugt fra den besatte planet, ved at reparere skiber efter det blev beskadiget af et af Handels Føderationens slagskibe. Selvom skibets hyperdrive var blevet beskadiget, kunne de flygte til Tatooine og reparere det. Artoo fulgte med Qui-Gon Jinn, Padmé og Jar Jar Binks til Mos Espa for at finde dele til skibet. Det var her han mødte C-3PO og Anakin Skywalker. Han hjalp med at lave de sidste forbedringer til Anakin's podracer før Boonta Eve Classic, et løb der, da Skywalker vandt, gav gruppen mulighed for at forlade Tatooine. Efter et kort ophold på Coruscant, rejste de tilbage til Naboo.
3	Leia Organa, a Force-sensitive human female, was an Alderaanian politician and military general whose career spanned several decades, from the reign of the Galactic Empire to the rise of the New Republic. Born under the name Leia Amidala Skywalker, she was the daughter of Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker and Senator Padmé Amidala of Naboo. Through her adoptive parents, Senator Bail Organa and Queen Breha, she gained the title of princess of Alderaan. Noted for her fearlessness in battle and dedication to freedom, Organa was considered one of the greatest leaders in the Alliance to Restore the Republic.
3	With the Sith extinct, the Empire fractured into several remnant factions that were dominated by Moffs, admirals and generals, many of whom ignored Grand Vizier Mas Amedda's authority as the de jure Imperial successor. In this fractured state, Imperial holdouts were referred to as Imperial remnants. The largest remnant was publicly led by Grand Admiral Rae Sloane and covertly ruled by Fleet Admiral Gallius Rax and his Shadow Council. Ultimately, Rax seized control over the largest faction of the Imperial Navy after removing Sloane from power; and therefore, became Emperor-in-effect through his new position as Counselor to the Empire. Under Rax's rule, the Empire made its final stand at the Battle of Jakku in 5 ABY, ultimately losing to the New Republic. While several remnants continued to resist, the Empire formally capitulated to the New Republic with the signing of the Galactic Concordance.
2	Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith er den tredje filmen i Star Wars sagaen, men også den siste filmen som ble laget. Den var lansert torsdag 19.mai 2005 og ble en braksuksess, og blant fans blir filmen oftest omtalt som ROTS.
1	Jedi nåede kredsløb og landede på Naboo kommandoskib droids. Forhandlingerne, dog aldrig fandt sted, fordi den mystiske Darth Sidious, Mørk Lord of the Sith, hvormed Føderation har indgået en pagt, beordrede vicekonge af Trade Federation - Nute'owi Gunray'owi - fjerne de to Jedi. Gunray så først lukket ind i rummet, hvor de boede Jedi giftig gas Dioxis, og derefter sendt dem til branche droider, master og discipel, men overlevede og blev let frastødt droids. Det lykkedes dem at forlade skibet og jord på overfladen af ​​Naboo. Der, flygter de invaderende styrker Føderationen, de kom over Jar Jar Binks, Gunganina, der førte dem til den undersøiske by hans landsmænd, OTOH Gunga. Der har undladt at overbevise Boss Nassa, at Gungan leder til at forene indbyggerne i Naboo og hjulpet dem afvise invasionen, og så fulgte doneret af ham til båden under vandet Theede, hovedstaden i planeten. De tog med dem Jar Jar at hjælpe dem med at finde vej gennem det planetariske kerne. I løbet mødte de mange undersøiske væsner.
3	The opening crawl of each film in the Skywalker saga follows the same format. The introduction and crawl begins with the blue text "A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away....," which is then immediately followed by the Star Wars logo and the slanted, yellow-text-on-starfield summaries of immediately preceding off-screen action. While the typefaces vary slightly, these all follow the same overall general format. These crawls were inspired by the Flash Gordon serials from George Lucas' childhood.
3	The Empire stood virtually unchallenged until numerous insurgent cells united to form the Alliance to Restore the Republic in 2 BBY. The Galactic Civil War ensued with the theft of the Death Star plans on Scarif which, in turn, led to the destruction of the Empire's superweapon at the Battle of Yavin in 0 BBY. The following years saw initial Alliance successes until a major Imperial victory on Hoth in 3 ABY, only to suffer a devastating defeat a year later at the Battle of Endor. During the battle, Emperor Palpatine was slain at the hands of his apprentice Darth Vader, who also died shortly after turning against his master.
3	Content approaching. Solo: A Star Wars Story: Expanded Edition, Solo: A Star Wars Story The Official Guide, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious–class.
3	Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope, originally released as Star Wars, and currently marketed as simply Star Wars: A New Hope[3] is a 1977 film written and directed by George Lucas. It is the first film in the Star Wars original trilogy.
2	I Republikkens siste dager kunne ikke jediene se klart inn i framtiden, fordi den mørke siden skygget til alt og gjorde ting uklare. Dette bekymret Yoda svært mye, i likhet med resten av Jedirådet. Dette førte til at de måtte sende Obi-Wan Kenobi for å etterforske drapforsøkene på Padme Amidala, som tydeligvis hadde blitt angrepet av separatistene.
3	For over a thousand years, the galaxy had been governed by both the Old Republic[16] and the Galactic Republic. Centered on the capital world of Coruscant, the Old Republic fell[17] and was replaced by the Galactic Republic which was ruled by the Galactic Senate, which in turn was led by an elected Supreme Chancellor. With the assistance of the Jedi Order, a peaceful religious order of Force wielders, who possessed seemingly supernatural power through connection with the Cosmic and Living Force, the "second" reincarnation of the Republic enjoyed a millennia of peace and prosperity. However, as time went on, the government of the Republic became bloated and corrupt. The Senate, filled with self-serving politicians, was unable to deal effectively with disputes that arose between the member worlds of the Republic. With growing protest from the Outer Systems over one-sided trade deals and centuries of economic exploitation, about ten years before the eruption of the Clone Wars, a dispute over plasma exports and the taxation of Free Trade Zones in the galaxy caused the Trade Federation to invade the planet Naboo. Although the Jedi, with the assistance of the Naboo people and the Gungans, were able to end the occupation, then senator of Naboo Sheev Palpatine, secretly the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Sidious,&#8212;part of the Sith Order and thus the ancient enemy of the Jedi Order&#8212;took advantage of the conflict which he had secretly organized leading to his successful election as Supreme Chancellor in his bid to restore the Sith Empire. Palpatine then manipulated the rise of a Secessionist Movement during which worlds who had become disaffected with the Republic seceded to form the Confederacy of Independent Systems. The discovery by the Jedi of the Separatist Droid Army, as well as a clone army commissioned for the Republic in secret by Palpatine, was to start the Battle of Geonosis&#8212;the first major war in a thousand years, the Clone Wars. For three years the galaxy fell into chaos, and for three years Palpatine amassed more emergency powers to the Office of the Chancellor, and made changes to the Galactic Constitution.[18][19][20][21]
2	I 3956 f.S.Y., nær slutten på den Sivile Jedikrigen strandet den høyt dekorerte soldaten Carth Onasi på Taris sammen med Revan som led av hukommelsestap. De to var de siste som hadde forlatt krigsskipet Endar Spire før det ble ødelagt av Sithene og unnslapp så vidt via den siste rømningskapselen. Så raskt som mulig begynte de to og lete rundt i Underbyen, hvor de andre rømningskapslene hadde krasjet. Da de passerte Javyars Cantina ble møtt av et uvanlig par – En wookiee og en fjortenår gammel Twi’lek jente som foretrakk og snakke Galaktisk Grunnlegende Standard fremfor sitt eget folks språk.
1	De brugte stjålet og forældet udstyr fra Imperiet, og lavede mange små angreb mod Imperiet og de Jabiimier, der samarbejdede med dem. På trods af dette nægtede Palpatine at trække sine sidste tropper væk fra planeten. Jo mere oprørerne kæmpede imod, jo mere strammede Imperiet grebet.
2	Når de ikke var i kamp, hadde stormtroppoffiserene på seg svarte jakker og luer. Offiseremblemene, rangplakettene og kodesylindrene var typiske for Imperiets romflåte. Alle disse offiserene var erfarne soldater, og i kamp bar de en drakt lik den andre stormtropper hadde. De bar imidlertid fargerike skuldermerker som skulle synliggjøre deres rang.
3	Although he soon became well-known on the station, Switch was able to keep the location of his headquarters secret from most of the inhabitants of Sel Zonn Station, because V14 was quarantined due to some exhaust conduits that passed through the bay. To further ensure that Switch's use of V14 remained secret, the droid had his majordomo bring monthly bribes to the station's manager, to ensure that the bay remained off-limits. He allowed the bay to fall into disrepair and had an expensive japor ivory wood desk placed in the center of the room from which he conducted his business. The protocol droid soon gained a rival in the form of Ganga Lor, a Chevin crime lord who had arrived on the station at about the same time as him. Switch also had some dealings with the Human Doctor Byra Fenn, the operator of the pharmaceutical supplier Delgas Medical Supplies, and she owed him some favors as a result.[1]
2	Mission vokste opp som foreldreløs uten noen gang og ha kjent foreldrene sine. Det var hennes eldre bror, Griff som passet på henne, men han var en svindler, gambler og kom stadig opp med nye ideer om og bli rik i en fei. Mission var bare fem år da de rømte til Taris, gjemt inne i en beholder på lasterommet av et stjerneskip.
2	Standardvåpenet var en E-11 BlasTech, denne hadde utmerket rekkevidde, og dødelig ildkraft. Standard energicelle hadde nok energi for 100 skudd, ekstra celler bar de i utstyrsbeltet.
3	Catch, originally known as Jawaswag, was an R2-series astromech droid produced by Industrial Automaton and used by Rogue Squadron pilot Gavin Darklighter to aid in the use of his X-wing starfighter. During the Bacta War in 7 ABY, Jawaswag and Darklighter escaped from an assault by the Imperial Victory II-class Star Destroyer Corrupter, before briefly going up against Imperial forces on the planet Halanit when the colony they were refueling at was attacked. Darklighter later renamed Jawaswag to Toughcatch after the droid held off a group of Jawas trying to steal him, although the name was later shortened to Catch for ease of use.
3	Some time after the attack, the space station Colossus attempted to find refuge on Aeos Prime, but the Aeosians initially did not welcome them. The Aeosians eventually allowed the Colossus and its inhabitants to stay on the planet, but they were discovered by the First Order, who returned to Aeos to attack the Colossus. With the help of the Aeosians, the space station managed to escape into hyperspace. The First Order later destroyed the Aeosian settlement that assisted the Resistance in an orbital bombardment that left the surrounding area devastated.
3	Use &#123;&#123;App&#125;&#125; for the list of characters, creatures, etc. under the "Appearances" heading. If an official "Dramatis Personae" is provided, substitute |dramatis personae= and |other characters= for the current |characters= parameter. For additional subsections such as "Languages", use '''bold-formatted headers''' under |miscellanea=. Star Wars material that is considered part of both the Legends continuity and the new Star Wars canon should divide its use of the &#123;&#123;App&#125;&#125; template. Each subsection of the template should use the two alternate parameters&#8212;"c-characters" and "l-characters" for the Characters field&#8212;to list the canon and Legends appearances. See the usage notes on Template:App for more information.
1	I The Empire Strikes Back, C-3PO er ansvarlig for at identificere Imperiets sonde droid, advarer oprørerne til Empire bevidsthed om deres placering på 6. planet af Hoth System. C-3PO undslipper med Han Solo , Chewbacca, og Prinsesse Leia i Millennium Falcon, mens R2-D2 slutter Luke i sin søgen efter Yoda . [5] I denne periode C-3PO og Solo er ofte vist som folier c-3PO citere odds og Han trodser dem. Efter en jagt gennem den Hoth asteroide felt, undslipper Falcon at Cloud City på Bespin . [5]
1	Selvom Solo ville lære mere om sin familie, især forældrene, holdt Shrike alle informationerne hemmelige for bedre at kunne kontrollere ham. I årevis kendte Han ikke engang sit efternavn. På et tidspunkt, kort efter Dewlanna fortalte ham at han var af den berømte Solo slægt, stak han af fra Shrike på Corellia. Der opsporede han sin tante Tiion Solo og hans fætter, Thrackan Sal-Solo. Men genforeningen med familien gik ikke godt, hans tante var en husbundet galning, og hans fætter var en sadistisk bølle der udleverede ham til Shrike. Han lærte ikke om sine forældre, Jonash og Jaina Solo, før han blev voksen.[2]
1	Årtier senere opererede Republikkens Flåde sammen med Republikkens Hær under Klon Krigene og absorberede de lokale forsvarsflåder efter Slaget om Rendili. Indtil gennemførelsen af Sikkerhedshandlingen ved slutningen af krigen, var Flåden kommanderet delvis af Det Galaktiske Senat og Jedi Rådet. Efter tjente Supreme Chancellor som den kommanderende autoritet. Da Det Galaktiske Imperium blev grundlagt, blev Republikkens Flåde omdøbt til Imperiets Flåde
2	ARC beviste snart at de kunne skaffe seg rollen som galaksens beste soldater. Mange kamper ble vunnet av Republikken takket være ARC. Mest kjent var slaget om Muunilist. Muunilist var hovedplaneten til den InterGalaktiske Bank Klanen og sepratistmedlem San Hill. Muunilist 10 hindret sepratistenes hovedkanon å slå ut hele armeén ved sabotasje. ARC's kampstil var veldig lik kampstilen til Jango Fett og Muunilist 10s kaptain  Fordo brukte Jango Fetts pistol-spinningsteknikk.
3	Wilhuff Tarkin was born on the planet Eriadu into the wealthy Tarkin family. He lived with his family in the family compound, where the Tarkins had lived for over a millennium. Wilhuff's father and mother taught him that Eriadu hadn't always been the safe environment that it seemed&#8212;the entire planet had once been an untamed wilderness. The jungle and predators had been more of a threat than pirates and marauders. The early Tarkins had helped settle Eriadu; they had been their own police force. Later a militia had been formed&#8212;under Tarkin leadership. Wilhuff took these history lessons to heart. Wilhuff's parents made sure that he knew that respect, discipline and obedience were of the utmost importance. Because of this Wilhuff thought of himself as a product of a military upbringing. One night while at supper Tarkin's father ordered a servant to take Wilhuff's plate before he could eat&#8212;teaching him how easy it is to lose something.[1]
3	When the starship Sand Sloth crashed into the scrapyard, Proto One was happy to fix it for its owner, a Human named Kea Moll. After completing the repairs, he discovered that Moll's own droids, C-3PO and R2-D2, had unwittingly befriended BL-17, a treacherous droid who belonged to the Mandalorian bounty hunter Boba Fett. Proto One helped thwart BL-17's plan to capture Moll and her friends, and when the nefarious criminals of the Fromm Gang afterward attempted to seize them, the Proto Droid fired a blaster at the gangsters and scared them off.
3	However, the First Order soon discovered the Colossus' location after Kazuda Xiono encountered a First Order probe droid while trying to rejoin the Resistance. First Order forces under Commander Pyre attacked the Colossus, seeking to destroy the station. Following a dogfight, the refueling platform managed to escape into hyperspace. Due to her actions during the battle, First Order TIE Fighter Pilot cadet Tamara Ryvora was promoted to Second Squadron Commander.
2	Separatistene ville ikke ha noen avtale, og da det ble oppdaget at de hadde en stor droide-hær, skjønte man at de ikke hadde fredelige hensikter. Derfor fikk Palpatine utvidet makt, slik at han skulle kunne takle krisen bedre. Han lovet å gi makten tilbake til senatet, når krisen var over.
1	De store kupler på Executor's kommandobro (Magen til dem på Imperial I-class Star Destroyerne) tjente flere formål. De fungede både som sensorer, og skjoldgeneratorer.
3	Star Wars Battlefront II, So Much More, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, The Right Wrong Turn, Forces of Destiny: The Leia Chronicles, Swoop Racers, Flight of the Falcon, Part 2: The Planet of Misfit Droids, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars Annual 2,  Star Wars: The Screaming Citadel, Star Wars Annual 3, Star Wars Book X: Mutiny at Mon Cala, Star Wars Book XI: Hope Dies, Star Wars Book XII: The Escape, Star Wars Book XIII: The Scourging of Shu-Torun, Star Wars Vol. 12: Rebels and Rogues, A Matter Of Perception, An Echo of Victory, Epilogue, Star Wars 1, Princess Leia: Royal Rebel, Hare-Brained Heist, Last Shot, The Rise of Kylo Ren 1, Age of Resistance - Rose Tico 1, Phasma, Poe Dameron 14, Poe Dameron: Legend Found, Star Wars: Poe Dameron Book VII: The Awakening, Robot Resistance, Station Theta Black, All Aces Battle Royale, Age of Resistance - Rey 1, The Last Jedi: Cobalt Squadron, Rose Knows, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, The Last Jedi Adaptation 1, Resistance Reborn, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Allegiance 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 1, Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Star Wars: The Rebel Files, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy, The Last Jedi: Bomber Command, Dawn of Rebellion, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: The Visual Dictionary, Star Wars: Scum and Villainy: Case Files on the Galaxy's Most Notorious, Star Wars: Smuggler's Guide
1	To måneder efter hendes flugt fra Helska IV fulgte Danni med Leia Organa Solo til Coruscant for at fortælle Senatet om den trussel Yuuzhan Vongerne udgjorde for galaksen. Da senatet afviste Leia's advarsler som et forsøg på at få magt, rejste Danni hjem til Commenor for at bruge tid med sin familie og komme sig over sin tid på Helska IV.[2]
3	Content approaching. Darth Vader: Dark Lord of the Sith 2, Trials of the Darksaber, Doctor Aphra (2016) 2, Star Wars Propaganda: A History of Persuasive Art in the Galaxy, Star Wars: Complete Locations, Star Wars: The Complete Visual Dictionary, New Edition, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Rise of the Separatists, Collapse of the Republic, Unlimited Power, Knights of Fate, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, Star Wars: Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker–class.
1	Mara Jade indføres som smugler Talon Karrde 's anden-i-kommando i Arving til Imperiet . Romanen fastslår, at hun tidligere var en "Kejserens Hand" - en særlig agent - for Kejser Palpatine . Flere historier skildrer Jade før begivenhederne i Arving til Imperiet, viser hendes træning under Palpatine og udfører hans ordrer. The Thrawn trilogien skildrer Mara første konfrontation med Luke Skywalker, som hun har svoret at dræbe for at hævne Palpatine død. Dette blev forstærket af kejserens sidste telepatisk kommando at myrde Luke, der havde plaget hendes tanker siden hans død, ved at lære denne situation, lovede Luke til at hjælpe Mara break Palpatine os holde på hende, uanset det mulige lavine hun stillede til ham. Ved afslutningen af trilogien, løser hun sin vrede mod Luke og tavsheder kommandoen uden at dræbe Luke, i stedet drab Lukes klon - Luuke Skywalker - som var blevet foretaget af en korrupt Jedi at udfordre Luke. Dermed tog hun Anakin Skywalker blå lyssværd (som Luuke brugte), og brugte det i stedet for Lukas 'grønne lyssværd, som hun holdt, fordi hun ikke stolede Luke. Luke anerkender Mara en underudviklet affinitet for Kraften , selv om hun i første omgang modstår Jedi træning, hun til sidst bliver en Jedi Master.
1	Republikkens soldater var hæderligt udstyret og støttet af flere slags antennekøretøjer. De bar både Granater og Blasters. Efterfølgende med kaoset fra Great Sith War, blev det besluttet at bringe melee-våben tilbage som standard. Dette blev bragt op på grund af overfloden af lyssværds bærende modstandere. For at beskytte sig imod disse våben, blev Republikkens sværd udstyret med en cortosis vævning, ofte af Echani-oprindelse. Armor blev båret og blev kendt for dets modulære natur.
1	Det Skywalker familien er en fiktiv familie i Star Wars serien. Inden for seriens fiktive univers , er Skywalkerne en afstamning med stærke iboende kapaciteter i forbindelse med Kraften . De Skywalkerne er de centrale figurer i sagaen: Luke Skywalker er hovedpersonen i den oprindelige trilogi og hans far Anakin er hovedpersonen i prequel trilogien.
2	Han og Chewie gjorde mange forandringer på skipet, som gjorde det raskt og godt utstyrt med våpen. På grunn av noe uflaks mistet Han en verdifull last for Jabba the Hutt en gang. Dette gjorde at hutten satte en så høy pris på hodet hans, at alle dusørjegerne var ute etter han. Desperat etter penger, fraktet han Obi-Wan Kenobi, Luke Skywalker og to droider til planeten Alderaan for 17000 kreditter. Dessverre ble det noen problemer, og de kom ombord på Dødsstjernen.
3	After the Colossus escaped into space, Synara and her fellow Warbirds helped the Colossus residents on a few salvaging and hunting expeditions. She helped to foil the First Order agent Nenavakasa Nalor's plot to exploit tensions between Doza and the pirates and to capture the Colossus. Synara also helped Kaz and Jarek Yeager to rescue Resistance agent Norath Kev. When Kragan plotted a mutiny on the Colossus, Synara sided with Kaz and the Colossus residents and helped to defeat the mutiny.
2	Alle kan redigere Jedipedia — denne siden også! Bare klikk på Rediger på toppen av hver artikkel (untatt låste sider) hvis du ser behov for mer informasjon på gjeldende artikkel. Du trenger ikke en gang å være logget inn, kun på låste artikler. Hvis du ønsker å eksprimentere litt først, for å "piffe opp" en artikkel, bruk sandkassen
3	During the First Order–Resistance war, the Resistance spy Norath Kev undertook a mission to track First Order black market activities at Vargo Spaceport on the planet Varkana. He also compiled a list of local First Order informants including the Gran vendor Lechee.[3]
2	De Mustafarians var de innfødte levende arter av den vulkanske planeten Mustafar . De ble delt inn i to underarter: den høyere, tynnere nordlige underarter, og en mindre, stockier, og hardføre sørlige underarter.
3	The New Republic (4 ABY&#8211;34 ABY), also known as simply the Republic, was a democratic galactic government composed of various member worlds spread across the galaxy. It was the restoration of the Galactic Republic, a democratic state that had governed the galaxy for a millennium until the rise of the Galactic Empire at the end of the Clone Wars. Instead of affixing its capital to Coruscant, the galaxy's historical seat of government, each member world would have the chance to host the newly-restored Galactic Senate on a rotating basis. The New Republic's first capital was Chandrila; a planet located in the Core Worlds like Coruscant, it was also the homeworld of Chancellor Mon Mothma, the new government's first head of state. Approximately three decades after the formation of the Republic, the cosmopolitan world of Hosnian Prime was serving as the Senate's headquarters.
1	Skibet blev snart et stort horn i siden på Den Nye Republik efter Zsinj forlod Imperiet og blev en krigsherre der kæmpede for magt til sig selv. Til sidste fik Republikken nok, og sendte General Han Solo afsted med ordrer om at tilintetgøre Zsinj og hans flagskib.
1	Jawa's havde også udviklet nyttige overlevelses evner, så som glimrende nattesyn, et stærkt imunsystem, og et effektivt imunsystem der træk enhver dråbe nærigt de havde brug for, ud af deres jævnlige kost af hubba gourd.
3	The community does look to administrators to perform essential housekeeping chores that require the extra access administrators are entrusted with. Among them are watching the Trash compactor debates and carrying out the consensus of the community on keeping or deleting these articles, keeping an eye on new and changed articles to swiftly delete obvious vandalism, and meeting user requests for help that require administrative access. Since administrators are expected to be experienced members of the community, users seeking help will often turn to an administrator for advice and information.
1	Det var Darth Vader der havde givet ordre til blokaden fordi han ville fange oprørernes ledere. Blokaden var så stor, at den dækkede hele Gordian Reach Sektoren.
3	In his youth, Holshef's first job was as an apprentice sap collector, gathering sap to make greel-wood syrup from the trees of the Far Hiradne region of Lothal. He also spent time in his youth at the reliquary of a saint. When the Empire first annexed Lothal[1] in approximately 19 BBY,[4] Holshef and his family threw a party because they felt the Empire could unify the galaxy in a better way than the Republic ever could.[1]
2	Selv om Anakin Skywalker hadde den høyeste konsentrasjonen av midi-chlorians som hittil hadde blitt sett, bestemte rådet at han ikke ville bli trent. De mente at han var for gammel, og at han ville være farlig. Etter Qui-Gons død bestemte de imidlertid å trene gutten, dette var en oppgave Obi-Wan Kenobi fikk, som var Qui-Gons padawan før han døde.
1	Massassierne fortsatte med at tilbede deres gud ved templet selv efter han gik i dvale i en sarkofag. De blev ved med at tilbede ham i mere end 1000 år (længe efter han tilsyneladende blev dræbt af Freedon Nadd) indtil Exar Kun udryddede deres race. Kun lod Massasi krigeren Kalgrath blive tilbage, for at bevogte templet mens han var i dvale.
3	During the Galactic Civil War, and twenty days after the Battle of Endor,[4] the Rebel Alliance special forces team known as the Pathfinders launched a raid on an Imperial Security Bureau black site at the Wretch of Tayron in the Outer Rim Territories. The successful raid allowed the Rebel protocol droid C-3PO to breach through Imperial encryption codes and gain access to the ISB's computer network in the base. In doing so, the Rebel Alliance gained valuable information about Imperial activities, including Operation: Cinder&#8212;an Imperial campaign designed to render countless worlds uninhabitable in the wake of the Emperor's death.[5] Also among the information was clearance codes belonging to Commander Alecia Beck, an operative in the Imperial Security Bureau.[2]
1	Der er mange rygter og spekulationer om Han Solos barndom. Der er blevet lavet flere holofilm, dokumentarer, og mindst to "autobiografier" hvis sande forfattere er ukendte. For eksempel sagde en af dem at Solo voksede op blandt Wookieerne fra han var syv til tolv år efter hans forældre forlod ham.
2	Iridonia skiftet hender Flere ganger i løpet av Jedi borgerkrigen. The Sith Empire og Republikken kjempet voldsomt over Hele Planeten, og begge sider brukte hi Som et springbrett under konflikten. På grunn av Det FAKTUM på Iridonia BLE okkupert av Sith Til tider, Åtte Iridonian kolonier BLE selvforsynte. Etter krigen Brot de SEG BORT og BLE uavhengige verdener. [4] [5]
3	The Force was a mysterious energy field that bound the galaxy together. Mystics and scholars had long debated the origins of the Force, such as where and when civilizations first became aware of its power, resulting in many answers and none that were considered definitive. Different species had their own names for the Force as well as their own metaphors for how they perceived it and techniques for learning its powers.[4]
3	Last Shot, Bloodline, The Rise of Kylo Ren 1, The Rise of Kylo Ren 2, Age of Resistance - Finn 1, Phasma, Choose Your Destiny: A Finn &amp; Poe Adventure, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, The Relic Raiders, The Escape, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: The Secrets of the Jedi, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Galactic Guide
1	Eclipse skibenes superlaser var også stærk nok til at ødelægge andre Star Dreadnoughts, såsom Annihilator fandt ud af da Tyber Zann brugte Eclipse's ufattelige krafter over Kuat.[8]
1	Juhani var en kvindelig Jedi fra Cathar. Hun var blandt de overlevende, der var flygtet fra Folkedrabet på Cathar. Hun voksede op på planeten Taris under Mandalorianer Krigene som flygtning. Da hendes forældre døde blev hun solgt til slaveri, men Revan befriede hende, hvilket inspirede hende til at slutte sig til Jedi-ordenen. Her blev hun modtaget med åbne arme og sendt til Dantooine, hvor hun blev trænet under Jedi Mesteren Quatra.
3	Tano gained much experience on and beyond the war front, leading a group of Jedi younglings to revolt against their Trandoshan captors, helping rescue a colony of Togruta from enslavement by the Zygerrian Slave Empire, and serving as an advisor to the Onderon rebels&#8212;with her close friend, Lux Bonteri, among them&#8212;as they liberated their world from the Confederacy. In a stark turn of events, Tano was framed for the bombing of the Jedi Temple hangar and other homicides, and she escaped into the Coruscant underworld to clear her name. Though she formed an unlikely alliance with Asajj Ventress, she was detained by Republic forces and was consequently barred from the Jedi Order. Ultimately, Skywalker uncovered the true culprit, Tano's friend, and fellow Padawan Barriss Offee, and prevented his former apprentice from being convicted of sedition. Nevertheless, the ordeal dislodged Tano's faith in the Jedi. She refused the Jedi Council's offer to rejoin the Order, instead departing in search of a new path.
3	Star Wars: Episode VIII The Last Jedi, marketed as Star Wars: The Last Jedi, is a 2017 film written and directed by Rian Johnson and produced by Kathleen Kennedy and Ram Bergman, along with executive producer J.J. Abrams. It is the second film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy. The film sees the return of Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Lupita Nyong'o, Domhnall Gleeson, Anthony Daniels, Gwendoline Christie, and Andy Serkis. New cast members include Benicio Del Toro, Laura Dern, and Kelly Marie Tran.
1	Atton var tilsyneladende et naturtalent til dette, og han lod Jedierne lide på alle tænkelige måder, ob mange af dem faldt til den mørke side. Men da krigen nærmede sig sin slutning mødte Atton en kvindelig Jedi, der fortalte ham at han var Kraft-følsom, og advarede om at Sitherne ville give ham den samme behandling hvis de opdagede det. Atton troede på hende da han havde hørt rygter om Kraft-følsomme folk i Sith hæren der var fosvundet. Han dræbte hende, og deserterede fra Sith hæren. Resten af krigen gemte han sig.[1]
3	In Endor's aftermath, the Rebellion formed the New Republic and headquartered the new Galactic Senate on Chandrila. Mothma was elected as the first chancellor of the New Republic Senate and intended to do away with Palpatine's emergency powers, which the Senate gave to the office of the New Republic chancellery. She also intended to demilitarize the Republic, hoping to cut the New Republic Defense Fleet by ninety percent while leaving the defense of member worlds to the worlds themselves. When the war with the Empire finally came to end, the Republic and the Imperial remnants signed the Galactic Concordance and the Republic passed the Military Disarmament Act. The end of Mothma's chancellery brought a close to a period of unity in the Republic, with several political factions, such as the Centrists and the Populists, breaking out in disagreement over the best future for the new government.
3	"The Written Word: A Brief Introduction to the Writing Systems of Galactic Basic" was written by Doctor Milanda Vorgan, the Associate Professor of Xenolinguistics at the University of Charmath. The article was released in 38 ABY, within The Shafr Anthology of Galactic Language, Second Edition, a publication from The Shafr Center Press. The published article was illustrated with a series of images, including logos, photographic reference, and charts.[1]
1	Park begyndte i filmprojekter som en stuntman i actionfilmen Mortal Kombat: Annihilation, hvor han var stand-in for både Robin Shou og James Remar. Park havde også gæsteoptrædener som monstre, samt tarkataen Baraka. Alle dise roller havde ingen dialog.
1	Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith afslører, at Luke blev rejst på Tatooine af hans trin-tante og onkel (Beru og Owen Lars), mens Leia blev rejst af senator Bail Organa og dronning Breha Organa på Alderaan .
2	Etter Slaget Ved Ruusan, Zabrak Opprettet kolonier in skabb vidstrakte verdener. Den Zabrak av Iridonia opprettholdt de mest militante kultur, og Zabrak ungdommer fra koloniene BLE Ofte sendt Til hi opprinnelige hjemplaneten for kriger trening.
1	Rex og Cody, var afsendt med en Republikansk kampgruppe, under kommando af Anakin Skywalker og Obi-Wan Kenobi, til at befri planeten Christophsis, som var faldet til konføderation og dets Retail Caucus konglomerat. På vej til Christophsis, ombord på et Venator-class Star Destroyer, vidner Rex i et hologram sammen med Anakin, Obi-Wan og Cody hvori general Whorm Loathsom, lederen af den fjendtlige invasion, presser Christophsian befolkning til at indsende til de serapatistiske regler. Efter at nå Christoph system, besejrede de Republikanske styrker konføderation Admiral Trench's flåde blokade under et rumslag, og etablerede en base på overfladen af planeten. Anakin og Obi-Wan derefter tog en Clone kontingent ledet af Rex og Cody ind til hovedstaden, Chaleydonia, mere almindeligt kendt som Crystal City. Når Jedierne og Clonerne forberedte et baghold for at udligne Konføderationens fordel i troppetransport styrke, flyttede de til et business kompleks med to nord- og syd-vendte tårne, hvorfra de agtede at opfange en Separatist Droid Battalion som var indstillet til at passere gennem de store pladser nedenfor. Rex og Anakin stationerede deres mænd i nord tårnets 46'rende level,mens det sydelige tårn havde en anden gruppe ledet af Obi-Wan, Cody og clone Sergent Slick.
2	Dooku brøt ut av ordenen, fordi han mente at jediene gjorde feil i å tjene en så korrupt institusjon som Republikken. Etter dette gikk Dooku under jorden, og begynte arbeidet med å samle solsystemer til sin separatistsak; å lage et nytt politisk system som skulle underkaste seg kapitalismen, og som skulle fjerne seg fra alt byråkrati og all korrupsjon. Flere tusen systemer ble med, og separatistene begynte å få tyngde, og truet faktisk med å splitte Republikken i to.
1	Fisto blev født på planeten Glee Anselm, hvorfra hans race, nautolanerne, stammede fra. Han blev indlemmet i Jedi Ordenen som barn, og blev oplært som Padawan under Mester Yoda. Engang inden (eller eventuelt i løbet af) år 41 BBY, opnåede han rangen Jedi-ridder, da han ellers ikke kunne have overtaget oplæringen af Bant Eerin i 41 BBY, hvis mester, Tahl, døde i netop dette år. Efter Eerin var blevet Jedi-ridder, valgte Fisto sig en ny Padawan, Nahdar Vebb.
3	The height of the battle saw Darths Acharon and Hadra killed by Republic strike teams, and with the loss of the inside knowledge provided by the Corellian Council&#8212;many of whom defected to the Republic or were killed during the battle&#8212;the Imperial offensive began to lose cohesion and direction. After securing Axial Park and pushing through the Imperial presence in the Government District, a Republic strike force attacked the Legislature Building and defeated Darth Decimus in the process, signalling the death blow to the Empire's forces on the planet. Supreme Chancellor Dorian Janarus was assassinated aboard his personal flagship during the long battle, but his successor Leontyne Saresh received the formal declaration of victory by General Aves to the Senate. While pockets of Imperial resistance would remain and draw out the conflict for some time, the battle ultimately resulted in a Republic victory and the withdrawal or defeat of the majority of Imperial forces.
3	"Rys" was the nickname of a diplomatic service clone shock trooper who served in the Grand Army of the Republic during the Clone Wars. A part of the Coruscant Guard, he accompanied Jedi Grand Master Yoda together with squadmate Jek and Lieutenant Thire on a mission to meet with the Toydarian King Katuunko on the moon Rugosa in 22 BBY. Upon arriving at Rugosa, the Republic cruiser carrying Yoda and the clones came under attack from the Separatists and was forced to flee after deploying the four to the moon's surface in an escape pod.
3	Kylo Ren was the subject of Force visions before he was even born. Shortly after the Battle of Fortress Vader, the Sith Lord Darth Vader, the Sith persona of the famed Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, heard the voice of Ren saying that it was time to "Let the past die" as he slaughtered illusions of Jedi while exploring the portal constructed by Lord Momin in Fortress Vader on Mustafar.[10] Ren's voice was also heard by the Jedi Padawan Ezra Bridger, who visited the world between worlds&#8212;a mystical plane that existed between time and space[11] in 0 BBY.[12]
3	Outraged by the Republic's failure to bring Qel-Droma to justice, Sylvar's anger festered within her, and she became consumed with notions of exacting personal revenge against the former Knight. Several attempts were made by her comrade, Twi'lek Jedi Tott Doneeta, to help Sylvar release her hate, but to no avail. The negativity of Sylvar's emotions was leading her perilously close to the dark side of the Force, and upon recognition of this, Doneeta left Sylvar to sort out her own issues.[9] When she received word that the daughter of her close friend Nomi Sunrider was missing, however, Sylvar sidelined her quest for vengeance to go and assist her fellow Jedi Knight.[10]
1	Indvendigt, var det Store Tempel opdelt i fire etager, hver en del af pyramiden &#8212; derfor var hver etage større end den ovenover, men de var alle udformet på stort set samme måde med små celler, rum og korridorer omkring et stort centralt område.
3	Under the leadership of the Jedi Knight known as the Hero of Tython, the Jedi forces on Corellia rallied and halted a plot by the fallen Jedi Master Tol Braga to massacre millions of civilians and soldiers. With victory in sight, Jedi Grand Master Satele Shan and Republic High Command pulled some of their forces off the planet to aid in an all-out assault on the Imperial capital of Dromund Kaas, but even with the reduced troops the Republic was still able to push the Empire on the defensive. The Republic's efforts were aided immensely when the elite Special Forces unit Havoc Squad led an all-out assault on the Bastion&#8212;a Republic military complex that had served as one of the military's main centers of operations before its capture early in the invasion&#8212;and successfully retook the base, capturing General Arkos Rakton in the process. The Barsen'thor of the Jedi Order brought the full might of the Rift Alliance to the Republic's aid, with Voss commandos, Esh-kha, and Balmorran droids fighting to reclaim the fortresses known as the Guardian Holds from the Children of the Emperor&#8212;secret agents of the Emperor scattered throughout the Republic.
1	Kyp og Ganner Rhysode kæmpede deres vej ombord på Crecheog befriede mange af slaverne, men da de fandt Skidder, var det tydeligt at han ikke ville være i live meget længere. Han bad dem redde Randa og dræbe yammosken inden han døde. Durron og Ganner befriede Randa og dræbte Yammosken, men skibet begyndte at dø. De slap væk i tide, men Chine-kal nåede at informere Choka om at Hutterne havde forrådt dem.
1	Da skjoldeskibene gik i position fløj Luke Skywalker sin X-wing ned til planeten, og fik mange Coralskippere til at følge efter ham. Jaina Solo, Mara Jade, og Danni Quee var ombord på Jade Sabre, med Jaina som pilot, og Mara som skytte. De fløj i formation med Millennium Falcon, der blev fløjet af Han solo, med Anakin Solo som skytte. Under slaget blev Mara bevidstløs på grund af hendes sygdom, og Jade Sabre styrtede mod planeten. Luke Skywalker, i hans X-wing, brugte sine repulsorlift motorer til at rette Jade Sabre op.
3	After conducting an overwhelmingly successful campaign for dominance over the Outer Rim Territories early in the Great Galactic War,[10] the Sith Empire failed spectacularly in their attempt to take the Mid Rim world of Bothawui[11] in 3671 BBY.[12] The massacre of nearly 50,000 Imperial Army units at Bothawui[11] and the embarrassing defeat of the Sith in the Battle of Alderaan[2] in 3667 BBY[13] forced the Imperials to re-evaluate their warpath and re-examine the strategies that had served them well up until that point.[14] The Sith Emperor himself was humbled by the tenacity of the Galactic Republic's defenders, as he had hoped that after the Empire's return to the galaxy, his victory in the Great War would be achieved in short order.[11] Much to his chagrin, the war was well into its third decade with no immediate resolution in sight,[2] even in light of consecutive Imperial victories prior to Alderaan and Bothawui.[11]
2	Mennesker, Drall og Selonianere var de første som bosatte seg på Talus. Ellers skal Talus være hjem for mange gruvearbeidere. Disse gruvearbeiderne kom ofte i krig med hverandre. Ryktene sier også at de skal bo et uvisst antall Aqualish på Talus, men dette er enda ikke bekreftet.
3	MK-09, nicknamed Emkay, was a heavily modified MK-series maintenance droid owned by the Azzameen family during the Galactic Civil War. A brash, aggressive droid with a sense for adventure, MK-09 was intensely loyal to the Azzameen family and their company Twin Suns Transport Services and considered himself a member of the family. The family droid was modified to allow him to pilot multiple types of craft, including freighters and starfighters, and operate a starship's turret gun. Emkay felt that droids were superior to organic beings; disgusted by the mistreatment of droids throughout the galaxy, he developed a dislike toward the Galactic Empire due to their callous treatment of droids and often suggested that the Azzameens join the Alliance to Restore the Republic, an organization he felt held droids in better respect.
3	In 2013, news were released that The Walt Disney Company-Lucasfilm Ltd. brand was developing several theatrical pictures separate from the core, episodic Star Wars saga, which were later denominated as the Star Wars Anthology Series line.[4] Talks about a potential Obi-Wan Kenobi-centric movie as part of the Anthology series arose, and Ewan McGregor, the actor who played Kenobi in the Star Wars prequel trilogy, was approached to reprise the role.[5] However, McGregor knew about the project as far as back in 2015,[2] and until 2019, he was forced to withhold information in interviews.[6]
3	Star Wars: Episode I The Phantom Menace is a 1999 film written and directed by George Lucas, produced by Rick McCallum and starring Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, Jake Lloyd, and Ian McDiarmid. It is the first film in the Star Wars prequel trilogy.
1	Skibene blev drevet frem af hele 13 kraftige motorer, og var derfor utrolig hurtige for skibe af den størrelse. Der var altid mindst 144 starfightere ombord på skibene, men hangaren kunne rumme tusindvis af fly. Skibene havde desuden kraftige skjolde.
3	BL-17 was a BL-series Battle Legionnaire, created to serve the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars. One of the few Battle Legionnaires to survive the Mission to Norval II, which saw the Galactic Republic defeat the Confederate-allied Mandalorian Protectors, BL-17 later came into the possession of the bounty hunter Boba Fett sometime after the Declaration of a New Order in 19 BBY.
3	Content approaching. Master &amp; Apprentice, Balance, Choose Your Destiny: An Obi-Wan &amp; Anakin Adventure, Roger Roger, The Sacrifice, Thrawn: Alliances, Kanan 7, Kanan 8, Kanan 9, From a Certain Point of View, The Sand Will Provide, Star Wars 1, The Rise of Kylo Ren 2, Force Collector, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: A Junior Novel, The Knight &amp; the Dragon, Star Wars Lightsabers: A Guide to Weapons of the Force–class.
3	A native of the planet Kalee, Grievous sustained severe injuries that required extensive repair by the time of the Clone Wars. Willingly submitting to a procedure that rendered him more mechanical than organic, he became a living weapon, granting him lightning-quick reflexes and devastating strength. Although he was neither Jedi or Sith, nor even sensitive to the power of the Force, Grievous was a skilled lightsaber duelist, having trained in the art of the lightsaber under the fallen Jedi Master-turned-Sith Lord Count Dooku. Known for his hatred of the Jedi Order, Grievous killed Jedi over the course of the war, and would claim their lightsabers both as trophies and weapons to be used against other opponents, be they Jedi or clone troopers.
1	Kloning var en process hvor man skabte genetiske ens skabninger ud fra værtsorganets DNA. Man kunne ændre på egenskaberne og gøre dem for eksempel mindre selvstændige end den opridelige skabning. Kaminoans fra Kamino blev kendt som kloningsmestre, og deres største bedrift var skabelsen af clone troopers for Republikkens Hær kort før Klon Krigene.
3	Canon and Legends mainspace articles shall not document content from Star Wars "parody" projects (examples: Family Guy: "Blue Harvest," Phineas and Ferb: Star Wars, and Robot Chicken: Star Wars) unless there is a specific referential need in the article's "Behind the scenes" section.
2	Qui-Gon hadde sett Anakins utrolige talent og satset alt på at han skulle vinne det prestisjefylte Boonta Eve-podløpet. Watto selv satset hovedsakelig på den dyktige Sebulba, som han hevdet at alltid vant.
1	Artoo viste hologramet af Theed Royal Palace da holdet blev briefet af Padmé som forberedelse til deres angreb byen og tog planeten tilbage. Da slaget startede kom den lille droid ved et uheld til at gå ind i den samme N-1 starfighter som Anakin gemte sig i. De to fløj sammen op i rummet og ødelagde Handels Føderationens Droid Control Ship under Slaget om Naboo.
3	With the Empire further tightening its grip, Spanjaf eventually removed the artist from his place of hiding in a hasty and risky plan to escape. Holshef loathed giving up the only planet he had ever known, but Spanjaf convinced him that nothing good could result from his remaining. By then, the two were directly targeted by a dangerous bounty hunter, though a wild chase left the hunter dead, and Holshef escaped the planet with the help of a cantina owner known as Old Jho and was dropped off on the planet Garel.
1	Yuuzhan Vong brugte en form for bio-engineered kloning for at lave lemlæstede væsener og organiske våben til krig, inklusiv den Jedi-jagene voxyn, som blev avlet over Myrkr.
3	When Fett was approached by Sise Fromm to hunt the speeder racing team of Thall Joben, Jord Dusat, and Kea Moll on Boonta, the bounty hunter decided to use BL-17 to infiltrate the group by befriending their protocol droid, C-3PO. BL-17 succeeded in leading the group into a trap, but before Fett could attack, his true intentions were revealed in a chance encounter with a former acquaintance, the droid Proto One. In the ensuing skirmish, BL-17 was knocked into a pile of scrap machinery, causing it to fall and crush him.
1	I senatet i den Galaktiske Republik striden beskatning stjernernes handelsruter. Trade Federation besluttede at låse den lille planet Naboo at bremse den politiske konflikt og vinde sagen med magt. Kansler for republikken, Finis Valorum, beslutter at hemmeligt sende til forhandle med sammenslutningen af ​​de to Jedi - mester Qui-Gon Jinn og hans lærling Obi-Wan Kenobi.
3	Qui-Gon Jinn, a Force-sensitive human male, was a venerable if maverick Jedi Master who lived during the last years of the Republic Era. He was a wise and well-respected member of the Jedi Order, and was offered a seat on the Jedi Council, but chose to reject in order to follow his own path. Adhering to a philosophy centered around the Living Force, Jinn strove to follow the will of the Force even when his actions conflicted with the wishes of the High Council. After encountering Anakin Skywalker, Jinn brought him to the Jedi Temple on Coruscant, convinced he had found the Chosen One. His dying wish was for Skywalker to become a Jedi and ultimately restore balance to the Force.
3	The following are simple guidelines to follow while writing or editing articles. Please note that The Old Republic is a role-playing game, and therefore has several story options. Player-created characters and stories are not allowed on Wookieepedia.
3	In-universe information from future Star Wars products may only be added to articles once the information is released through official outlets, such as StarWars.com press releases or exclusive feature stories in outlets like Entertainment Weekly and Vanity Fair, where Lucasfilm or an official licensee is expressly providing the information. This specifically disallows information that has been leaked through unofficial channels.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
1	Meanwhile, Artoo finds a pink astromech had already occupied the closet just as Grievous discovers Artoo’s hiding place.  Skywalker's force arrives at the base and heads toward the Separatist ship.  Droid starfighters rush to intercept but the Republic ships blast their way through.  Skywalker and Tano land in a hangar and fighter their way through battle droids.  Elsewhere, Cody and Rex race down a different corridor.  Meanwhile, Count Dooku, Asajj Ventress, and Grievous watch as a machine is lowered to extract Artoo's secret.  Skywalker and Tano arrive and take out both the machine and the battle droid holding down Artoo.  Dooku, Ventress, and Grievous ignite their lightsabers just as Cody and Rex arrive alongside the Jedi.
2	Magnaguarder kjemper oftest med elektrostaver. Disse er i stand til å parrere et slag fra en Lyssabel. Magnaguarder kan også bruke granatkastere, gift eller spionsonder.
3	The Alliance and the cells before it were born from the overall discontent within the Empire of those who wished the Old Republic restored. Its efforts were led by renegade members in the Imperial Senate such as Mon Mothma, Bail Organa, and later, his daughter Leia Organa, and its members were citizens of the Empire and defectors from the Imperial Military such as Jan Dodonna, Ryder Azadi and Wedge Antilles. Founded and united by Organa and Ahsoka Tano, the early rebels were assisted by surviving Jedi, such as Kanan Jarrus, and his Padawan, Ezra Bridger. Clone Wars veterans such as Captain Rex also assisted in the initial movement.
3	Rey Skywalker was a Force-sensitive human female who, after years of living as a scavenger, became a Jedi during the war between the First Order and the Resistance. Unaware of her lineage as the granddaughter of Emperor Sheev Palpatine, Rey was the only name she went by prior to assuming the Skywalker surname. Rey ultimately chose the Jedi path, despite inheriting her strength in the Force from a Dark Lord of the Sith. She also formed a unique bond with Supreme Leader Kylo Ren. Notwithstanding their adversarial relationship, Rey and Ren were the realization of a prophesied dyad in the Force.
1	Chewbacca  (eller "Chewie", som han blev kaldt af sine venner) var en legendarisk Wookiee fra Kashyyyk og andenpilot på Han Solo's skib, Millennium Falcon. Han var søn af Attichitcuk, gift med Mallatobuck, og far til Lumpawaroo. Chewbacca har opkaldt efter en gammel Wookiee helt, den store Bacca, den første store høvding på Kashyyyk, og skaberen af det sværd der symboliserede ledelse af Wookieerne. Chewbacca kæmpede under Slaget om Kashyyyk under Klon Krigene og under den Galaktiske Borgerkrig.
3	Secretly an artificial creation of Darth Sidious, Snoke was engineered on Exegol, a legendary Sith-affiliated planet hidden in the Unknown Regions, where loyalists of the Sith Eternal awaited the return of the Sith. In the years following the collapse of the Galactic Empire, Snoke gained command of the technological war machine that the First Order engineered to destroy the New Republic and General Leia Organa's Resistance. Snoke also sought to finish the destruction of the Jedi Order, and as such, he directed his apprentice to locate and kill Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.
1	I 1 ABY, begyndte Alliancen at evakuere basen og flytte til Hoth, på Luke Skywalker's opfordring. Samtidig, blev Darth Vader presset af Imperiets kommandører til at angribe, da deres tålmodighed med blokaden var brugt op. En gruppe af Admiraler afslørede hemmeligheden om en Super Star Destroyer der blev bygget på Fondor til Oprørerne. Luke Skywalker ledte et hold der skulle ødelægge det nye våben, men det lykkedes ikke. Admiral Griff, en af de forræderiske admiraler, var i virkeligheden Darth Vader's spion. Vader dræbte alle admiralerne, bortset fra Griff for deres forræderi.
3	The Sith cave resided on the site of a former Sith temple,[6] as well as an ancient castle owned by Lady Corvax,[7] a powerful Force-user obsessed with immortality[2] long before the reign of the Galactic Republic. Corvax's quest eventually led to the devastation of Mustafar, turning the planet into a volcanic wasteland.[7] The legends about Corvax's story later led the ancient Sith to the ruined world, who erected the Sith shrine in order to seek the same secrets of eternal life.[2]
2	Miermes plan viste seg og være suksessfull, og sporene ledet dem til Den Svarte Sol organisasjonen, de arresterte de skyldige. Imponert over guttens modenhet tok Mierme gutten som sin padawan lærling.
2	Siden Jediordenen ble grunnlagt er det blitt utviklet syv former for lyssabelkamp. Hver og en av dem representer noe unikt, både på det filosofiske og det mer tekniske området. Alle stilene har fordeler og ulemper. Det er vanlig å spesialisere seg innen én stil, men disiplinerte jedier kan kombinere flere.
3	CT: Forum:CT Archive/Updating the referencing policy &#8211; Amend sourcing policy and Comprehensive article nominations page with proposed changes. &#8212;Cal Jedi (Personal Comm Channel) 22:46, February 16, 2013 (UTC)
3	Wookieepedia's Naming policy defines how to correctly title mainspace articles. Generally, article naming shall derive from an official Lucasfilm source and be easily recognizable for the majority of English speakers, with a reasonable minimum of ambiguity.
3	In the waning days of the Clone Wars, the Jedi Generals were betrayed by their clone troopers as a result of a conspiracy that positioned Darth Sidious, Dark Lord of the Sith, to take unlimited power as Emperor of the first Galactic Empire in 19 BBY. With the Jedi eradicated and a new system supplanting the old democracy, the Empire drifted into a fascist state until the last remnant of the Republic was swept away just prior to the Battle of Yavin in 0 BBY. When the Emperor perished at the Battle of Endor in 4 ABY, the Alliance to Restore the Republic declared itself the New Republic and ultimately defeated the Imperial remnant a year later on Jakku. Under the New Republic Era, the Galactic Republic was remembered as the Republic of legend&#8212;a pillar upon which democracy and liberty stood for a millennium&#8212;its stewardship hailed as "the last era of peace" by the historian Janyor.
3	The boy who would be dubbed Darth Maul was born the son of Mother Talzin on Dathomir.[12] As a Dathomirian Zabrak male, he was a Nightbrother and had two blood brothers, Feral and Savage Opress.[13] Later in his life, Maul would look back on his time on Dathomir and recall that he once had a birth name, but that he had long since forgotten it, having been known simply by the Sith moniker "Darth Maul" for most of his life during his apprenticeship to Darth Sidious. Before his first birthday, Talzin gave the three Zabrak infants their first tattoos.[14] When Darth Maul was still a child, Mother Talzin became an ally of Darth Sidious, the Dark Lord of the Sith, and the two exchanged wisdom and power. Sidious eventually abandoned Talzin, despite promising to make her his apprentice, and instead took the Zabrak boy once he realized the youngling's Force potential.[12] Once under Sidious' tutelage, he trained as his Sith apprentice, and was eventually given the title "Darth Maul" by his master.[1]
3	While the captured Jedi staged a brief diversion in the form of a standoff to ensure that they were the only target of attention, 2-4S and 2-1S exited the Lady Luck via its disposal chute along with an equipment pod full of useful supplies. They attached the equipment pod to the bottom of the boarding craft that Yaght had used to get to Calrissian's ship, and when the Yuuzhan Vong took the Jedi back to the Exquisite Death, the war droids came with them, unbeknownst to Yaght and his troops. The Jedi endured torture while the Yuuzhan Vong ship took them deeper into enemy territory, but when the Jedi decided that the Exquisite Death had taken them far enough, Anakin signaled to 2-4S and 2-1S to aid them via a voice-activated implant on his body. 2-4S penetrated the hull of the vessel with ten coma gas canisters to knock out the crew. After blowing a hole in the outer hull, 2-4S sealed that hole to the open equipment pod that they had brought with them by using emergency patching foam, while 2-1S stood guard inside the vessel. On their way to rescue the captive Jedi, the two war droids encountered the Exquisite Death's three voxyn, and after using thermal detonators against them, the droids believed that the voxyn had been killed. Both YVHs then burst into the room where the Jedi were being held and dispatched two warriors, both of whom had been trying to kill the Jedi members of the strike team.[1]
3	Deltic later accompanied Sloane and the Ultimatum to Calcoraan Depot to help collect the explosive Baradium-357 for use in destroying Cynda. However, a group of rebels led by Kanan Jarrus and Hera Syndulla ultimately foiled Vidian's plan to destroy the moon, and the count was revealed to be a traitor to the Empire. Nevertheless, Deltic greatly enjoyed working on the failed plan to destroy Cynda, joining a betting pool as to how much damage it would cause to the surface of the planet Gorse.
2	Da Anakin var 9 år kom endelig muligheten hun hadde ventet på. Jediridderen Qui-Gon Jinn hadde strandet på Tatooine, og den rause Anakin tilbød han og følgesvennene hans ly for en sandstorm.
1	De Ukendte Regioner strakte sig fra Bakura til Bilbringi og Imperiets Rester. Nogle af de vigtige faktioner i disse områder var Chiss Imperiet, Ssi-Ruuvi Imperiet, Vagaarierne, Killik Kolonien, og Empire of the Hand, men det var også hjemmet til racer såsom Croke, Ebruchi, Nagai, Tofs, og Eickarie.
3	Zorii Bliss was a resident of the frigid planet Kijimi, and at some point before the Cold War became the leader of the Spice Runners of Kijimi, a organization that a young Poe Dameron was a part of. However, Poe eventually abandoned the group to join the New Republic as a T-85 X-wing pilot and later the Resistance as a T-70 X-wing pilot, following in the footsteps of his parents Shara Bey and Kes Dameron, both of whom fought for the Rebellion during the Galactic Civil War. Poe's departure angered Bliss, as well as many others on Kijimi that Poe had ran afoul of.
3	The "new canon," which was set forth on April 25, 2014 and which is overseen by the Lucasfilm Story Group, exists in a connected, "one universe" continuity. This means that, beginning with the Star Wars Rebels animated television series and the 2014 novel A New Dawn, all officially-licensed Star Wars storytelling from this point forward stands on equal canon footing. This differs significantly from the previous system of Star Wars canon, in which George Lucas's personal projects&#8212;namely, the six films of the original trilogy and prequel trilogy, and the Star Wars: The Clone Wars television series&#8212;took absolute precedence over any Expanded Universe material.
3	Cassian Jeron Andor was a human male who was born on the planet Fest in 26 BBY to a human father and unknown mother. During the Clone Wars, Andor joined an insurrectionist cell backed by the Confederacy of Independent Systems that operated in the wilds of the Outer Rim Territories and fought against the Galactic Republic. Andor saw his first combat experience in this cell as a child soldier in 20 BBY by tossing rocks and bottles at Republic walkers and clone troopers. Sometime during the Clone Wars, when Andor was still young,[4] Andor's father was killed at the Carida Academy during a protest against the expansion of Republic militarism.[1]
3	At some point prior to the outbreak of the gang war, Thek lost his sight in a swoop bike accident. Most of the Hidden Beks' membership assumed that he would pass on the mantle of leader of the gang to Brejik, whom Thek had mentored for some time. A veteran of the Beks' resistance against the Mandalorians, he was considered by Thek, and others, to be nearly an adopted son. When the elder swoop biker stayed in his position, stating that Brejik was not yet ready for the responsibility, the latter left the Beks and took over the rival Vulkars,[1] who had previously been led by a sentient named Benno.[8] Though the two bands of outlaws had always been at odds with each other, Brejik turned the Vulkars from a gang of petty hoods and swoop riders into a fanatical force that dedicated themselves to the destruction of the Beks, and Thek in particular.[9]
3	After the rebels' successful rescue of the Wookiees, Kallus contacted the Grand Inquisitor, an Imperial Jedi hunter, to inform him that the rebels were led by a Jedi. This led to several more confrontations with both Kallus and the Inquisitor as the rebels continued their operations against the Empire.
1	Da han arbejdede som smugler mødte han Jedi Exile. Han rejste med hende og hjalp hende i hendes søgen efter de forsvundende Jedi Mestre. Senere befriede hun ham fra hans fortid, og oplærte ham som Jedi.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
2	Etter noen mislykkede forhandlinger måtte Obi-Wan og hans mester flykte, og de endte til slutt opp på planeten Tatooine. Det var her de møtte Anakin Skywalker. Gutten tok oppmerksomheten til Qui-Gon, som ble overbevist om at dette var den utvalgte - den som skulle bringe balanse i kraften. Anakin reddet dem, og gjorde at de kunne reise til Coruscant, hvor de opprinnelig hadde tenkt seg.
1	Jawa'erne havde længe været skrot-samlere, fordi Dune Sea tilbød store mængder af skrammel. Ørkenen var dækket af nedstyrtede rumskibe, som vidnesbyrd om årtusinder af rumrejser. Jawa'erne byggede hjem og værktøjer af disse ældgamle skrotbunker, og rejste rund i ørknen i store sandkravlere, en hybrid af bortkastede mineres mobile hjem. Jawa'erne levede i klaner, med særlige territorier for både hjemsteder, og skrot-indsamling. i de fleste Jawa-klaner, arbejdede ½ af klanen i de store sandkravlere, og ½ i deres forstærkede hjemsted, hvor de opbevarede indsamlet skrammel. Disse borge havde tykke vægge til beskyttelse imod Sandfolk  og krayt drager.
1	I forberedelserne til slaget rejste Leia Organa Solo til Hapes Konsortiet for at få den Hapanske Flåde til at hjælpe med forsvaret af Kerne Planeterne. Imens samlede Commodore Brand en flåde i Commenor systemet for at sende den til Corellia, mens den Femte Flåde var spredt i det Bothanske Rum for at beskytte systemet.
2	Da Naboo ble invadert av Handelsføderasjonen, fikk han sin sjanse. Dronning Amidala kom til Coruscant, for å legge sin sak fremfor Senatet. Her fikk hun ikke særlig støtte, senatorene ville bare opprette en komite som skulle granske situasjonen. Men, den krevde strakstiltak, derfor fremmet hun et mistillitsforslag mot Kansler Valorum.
3	Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
3	Upon their return to their base, Tiplee mourned her sister while Skywalker interrogated Tup. Tiplee arrived to observe the interrogation, and Tup, still feeling the effects of the chip's malfunction, tried to attack her, despite being restrained. Tiplee quickly stopped him by using the Force to levitate him and hold Tup against the wall until he calmed down. She showed anger towards the clone, but Skywalker was able to help her control her emotions and convinced her to release Tup. Tiplee was later present in a medical bay where Tup was examined, and the clone stated that he did not remember killing Tiplar. The cause of Tup's motivation to murder Tiplar remained unclear, though Tiplee and the others suspected that the Separatists may have somehow developed an anti-clone virus. With no clear answers, Tup was sent to Kamino, the planet on which the clones were created, for examination.[4] Tup died on Kamino, where his friend and fellow clone CT-5555 discovered the Sith plot and why Tiplar was murdered. CT-5555 was killed, however, before the Jedi and Tiplee could learn the truth about Order 66.[7]
3	Towards the end of the Clone Wars, Black Sun's leader Ziton Moj proposed merging with the Pyke Syndicate, which specialized in distributing illegal narcotics. When the Pyke leader Marg Krim rejected his demands, Moj retaliated by kidnapping his family in order to force Krim to change his mind. Krim then hired two independent bounty hunters&#8212;the former Sith apprentice Asajj Ventress and the undercover Jedi Master Quinlan Vos&#8212;to rescue his family. The two bounty hunters raided the Black Sun fortress on Mustafar and succeeded in rescuing Krim's family. During the rescue mission, Moj and his Falleen guards were assaulted by Ventress and Vos. Black Sun retaliated by sending a fleet to attack the Pyke stronghold of Oba Diah.[17]
3	Circa 17 BBY,[2] Switch was hired by Alderaanian Security, a security force from the planet Alderaan, to collect and store some cargo for them, which contained one of their agents. The agent was returning from an assignment spying on the Galactic Empire in the Deep Core, and had been frozen in a slab of carbonite to reduce the chance of capture by the Empire while traveling back to Alderaan. Switch arranged for the cargo to arrive on Sel Zonn Station in a cargo bay on Blue Deck, an Imperial-controlled zone of the station, as he believed that the Imperials would not expect anyone to be bold enough to hide contraband there. However, Ganga Lor became jealous of Switch's deal with the Alderaanians, and the Chevin began plotting to rid himself of his rival. Around that time, Switch was also contracted to arrange for a crate of Corellian ale to be delivered to an address on Alderaan, and he stored the ale in the Blue Deck cargo bay with the carbonite-frozen Alderaanian.[1]
3	Beginning his service in the employ of Queen Amidala of Naboo, the droid would wind up serving Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker during the waning years of the Galactic Republic, often accompanied by the protocol droid C-3PO in many adventures throughout the Clone Wars. After his master's turn to the dark side of the Force, he would eventually serve Senator Bail Organa for a time in the Imperial Senate. Nineteen years following the death of the Galactic Republic, he would play a pivotal role in helping the Alliance to Restore the Republic destroy the Empire's dreaded Death Star, carrying technical readouts essential to its destruction. Serving Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker, the son of his two former masters throughout the Galactic Civil War, he would participate in both the Battles of Hoth and Endor, and would witness the destruction of the Empire's dreaded Death Star II a mere four years after the first space station's destruction.
1	Sienar Flåde Systemer eller SFS (ejet af det gigantiske firma Santhe/Sienar Technologies) var en enorm faktor inden for skibsbyggeri. Gennem deres Sienar Design Systemer datterselskab, var de ansvarlige for mange ting som for eksempel energitilførslen.
1	Der er Æra symboler på alle de bøger, rollespil, reference bøger, tegneserier og lydbøger der er udgivet efter Oktober 26, 2000. Dette gør det lettere for fans at se hvor i Star Wars tidslinien historien foregår.
3	The Alliance to Restore the Republic, commonly known as the Rebel Alliance, Alliance, the Rebellion, the First Rebellion, and rarely the Separatists, was a resistance movement formed by Bail Organa and Mon Mothma to oppose the reign of the Galactic Empire. The Alliance was formed from a less organized movement to oppose the Empire that existed, which was secretly led by Organa. This early group came together from a series of rebel cells, including the crew of the Ghost and the Phoenix Cell. The Atrivis Resistance Group was one of the first cells to join what Mothma began calling "the Alliance," before the formal formation of the Alliance to Restore the Republic. The Alliance was publicly and formally declared with the Declaration of the Rebel Alliance and the document of the Declaration of Rebellion.
2	Etter Shmis begravelse reiste Anakin og Padmé til Geonosis, for å redde Obi-Wan, som var fanget av separatistene. De ble raskt fanget. Mens de alle tre skulle til å bli henrettet ble de imidlertid reddet av en hærskare jedier. Hvorpå åpningsslaget av Klonekrigene ble utkjempet mellom Republikken og Separatistene.
1	Det galaktiske midtpunkt Coruscant (udtales /'kʊɹəsɑnt/) var galaksens hovedstad i årtusinder. Det var den almidelige opfattelse at Coruscant var, igennem det meste af den galaktiske historie, den mest politisk vigtige planet i galaksen. Gennem tiden var den hovedstad for den Galaktiske Republik, det Galaktiske Imperium, Den Nye Republik, Yuuzhan Vong Imperiet og den Galaktiske Alliance. En stor del af galaksen handelsruter&#8212;inklusiv Perlemian Trade Route, Corellian Run, Metellos Trade Route, Koros Trunk Line, og Leisure Corridor&#8212;gik gennem Coruscant, og gjorde den til en af de rigeste planeter i galaksen. Planetens hyperspace koordinater var (0,0,0).
3	Born on the Core World Hosnian Prime[1] in 14 ABY,[2] Kazuda "Kaz" Xiono was the son of Senator Hamato Xiono, a wealthy politician who served in the Galactic Senate during the era when the galaxy was governed by the New Republic, years after the Galactic Civil War.[4] Xiono, who aspired to become a great pilot, was awarded a trophy made from aurodium after winning his first race. He would keep it among his personal effects for years, believing the trophy brought him good fortune as well as the fact that it reminded him of his homeworld.[7]
1	George Lucas planlagde dog oprindeligt ni film, men om de sidste tre nogensinde bliver lavet vides endnu ikke. Desuden findes der også tegnefilmen Clone Wars, der handler om begivenhederne mellem episode 2 og 3, og yderligere er det planlagt at producere en tv-serie, der skal udkomme i 2007.
3	After Savit was relieved of his duty, Pellaeon and the Harbinger were reassigned to assist Thrawn's Seventh Fleet. Together with Thrawn, Pellaeon participated in the Imperial blockade of the planet Lothal until it was liberated by the rebel Spectres and their allies shortly before the Battle of Yavin. During the liberation, all Imperial starships present were destroyed by flocks of the space-faring purrgil, and Pellaeon's communication with the Grand Admiral was quickly cut off.
1	Det Femte Slag om Yavin IV, også kendt som Slaget om Massassi Templet, var et slag mellem Oprørsalliancen og Det Galaktiske Imperium der foregik 5 måneder efter Slaget om Yavin i 0 ABY. Det var det sidste slag i den lange Belejring af Yavin IV inden Alliancens base blev evakueret.
1	Alliancens agenter opdagede at Jorin Sol ikke var den eneste fange på basen; mange oprørerne fra Jabiim var også fanget på basen, og blev opdaget af Basso, og Alliancen ville redde dem.
3	During the era of the New Republic, the First Order had a presence on Kijimi. Maize Raynshi, the daughter of the First Order officer Vroc Raynshi, overheard her father mention Kijimi, and asked her friend Karr Nuq Sin to check out the planet on his search for Jedi artifacts. Nuq Sin and his droid, RZ-7, landed the yacht Avadora at the spaceport in Kijimi City to refuel, and wandered the streets of the city for some time. When Nuq Sin returned to the Avadora, which Nuq Sin had stolen from Vroc Raynshi with the help of Maize, it was surrounded by First Order stormtroopers. An officer of the First Order questioned Nuq Sin, believing he possessed a map that led to the lost Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. Once the First Order released Nuq Sin, he left Kijimi, returning to his homeworld of Merokia.[2]
3	Wookieepedia's IRC channel is the wiki's official chat room. In addition to being a general chatroom about Wookieepedia, Star Wars, and various other subjects, the channel is also where official Wookieepedia meetings, Mofferences, are held. IRC is also a quick way to report vandalism to admins as well as asking questions in general.
3	Despite his defeat, Maul had established himself as a figure in the underworld during the Clone Wars and saw it as fertile ground to reestablish a power base in the wake of his failure.&#91;source?&#93;
3	YVH 2-4S, also known as Two-Four-S, was an advanced YVH S-series battle droid with masculine programming produced by Tendrando Arms during the Yuuzhan Vong War. In 27 ABY, he and another YVH droid were part of a mainly Jedi strike team tasked with going to the Yuuzhan Vong&#8211;controlled planet of Myrkr and eliminating the threat of the voxyn, a group of genetically-engineered predators who could hunt the Jedi through the Force. After commandeering the corvette analog Exquisite Death from its Yuuzhan Vong owners, YVH 2-4S and the strike team inserted themselves onto the Baanu Rass worldship, which was orbiting Myrkr. There, 2-4S and the group rescued a pair of Dark Jedi whom the Yuuzhan Vong had imprisoned. However, soon after arriving on the worldship, YVH 2-4S was destroyed when he sacrificed himself to eliminate two enemy coralskippers that had happened upon the team's location. The mission continued, however, and the voxyn were eliminated despite the loss of many members of the team.
1	På grund af filmens succes, blev der lavet to kapitler mere. Der blev også lavet en TV-serie, kaldt Star Wars: The Clone Wars, som også fik sin egen animerede film
3	In the year 20 BBY,[4] Krix co-piloted the guild's prisoner ship to the planet Felucia, which had become the site of a battle between the Galactic Republic and the Separatists as a part of the ongoing Clone Wars. Accompanied by Garnac; Garnac's son, Dar; the hunter Lo-Taren; and Lagon, the ship's pilot, Krix and the other Trandoshans had captured a slew of prisoners by the time they reached Felucia.[1] These captured beings included the Snivvian Katt Mol, the Terrelian Jango Jumper Lika, the Selkath Morgo, and the Sakiyan Vadoo.[5] Krix and Lagon landed the ship in a Felucian jungle, and Lo-Taren disembarked alone to find potential prey. When the Trandoshan returned, he had in tow the Jedi Padawan Ahsoka Tano, who had been fighting in the battle against the Separatists.[1]
3	As noted by McGregor, at some point through development, the film project quickly turned into a television series instead.[5] A television series centered on Obi-Wan Kenobi to be aired on Disney+, Disney's new streaming service, was officially announced by McGregor and Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy at the 2019 D23 Expo after months of rumors and speculation. The series will take place eight years after Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith and eleven years before Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope.[1] During the event, it was also revealed that the episodes had already been written and that production would begin in 2020.[15] Amini and Deborah Chow were later announced as showrunners in StarWars.com.[3]
3	To list an article under this Projects focus, put the &#123;&#123;WPVGtalk&#125;&#125; template on the talk page of that article. It will then produce this result:
1	Under Klon Krigene blev Star Destroyers anset som nogle mellemvægts-krigsskibe.[1] Med den udbyggede forøgelse af krigskibs-størrelserne i Imperiet, blev Star Destroyers langsomt betegnet som et mindre fartøj i Den Imperiske Flåde.[7] Deres størrelse strak sig fra omkrin 900 meter[8] til flere kilimetere i længden,[9][10] men selv mindre og større fartøjer kunne betegnes som Star Destroyers.[11][12]
1	Imperial I-klassen tilhørte Star Destroyer serien af krigskibe, med sit pilespidsformede design. Hver eneste af Imperial-class skibene kostede Imperiet mere end 3.88 milliarder credits, dvs. lige så meget som flere Stjerne systemer tjente på et helt år.[8]
2	Sheev Palpatine, også kjent som Darth Sidious, var en sithfyrste og politiker fra Naboo. Han var senator fra 32 f.s.Y. til 19 f.s.Y. var han kansler og fra 19 f.s.Y. til 4 e.s.Y. keiser for Imperiet. Palpatine er generelt anerkjent som den mektigste sithfyrste i Sithordenens histore.
3	CT: Forum:CT Archive/Utilizing Atlas grid coordinates &#8211; Adopt addendum to Layout Guide. Toprawa and Ralltiir (talk) 11:20, February 23, 2013 (UTC)
3	During the Great Hyperspace War, this clash was fought between the army of the unified Koros system and the forces of the Sith Empire. In 5000 BBY, Dark Lord of the Sith Naga Sadow gathered an invasion force and launched an attack on the Galactic Republic. A part of the Sith fleet led by Sadow's Sith apprentice and Koros Major native Gav Daragon, was sent to conquer the Koros system in a two-pronged attack focused on both his homeworld and the planet Kirrek. The Koros military, commanded by Empress Teta and Vontaige, one of her top advisors and generals, had a diminished fleet due to a recent war but nevertheless believed that they could provide a good accounting of themselves. During the planet-side engagement on Koros Major, Gav Daragon took a dropship down to the main area of battle in the city of Cinnagar to find his sister, Jori, whom he had not seen in a long time. While looking for her with his company of Massassi guards, Daragon had an altercation with a former acquaintance, Aarrba the Hutt, which resulted in the Hutt's death. Jori Daragon arrived at that moment and confronted her brother about the Hutt's death. Overcome with emotion, Gav fled and abandoned the battle soon afterward, deciding to attack Sadow and end the war. With Gav Daragon no longer present to direct them, the Sith lost the battle.
1	Potentiel hjælp ankom i form af Oprørsalliancen, der havde håbet på, at oprørerne fra Jabiim ville slutte sig til deres alliance. De sendte Luke Skywalker og nogle andre oprørere afsted for at forhandle med de lokale oprørere. Hvad  de vidste ikke var, at Luke stod i sin fars skygge på Jabiim - og at navnet "Skywalker" kunne resultere i en dødsdom fra dem, som de håbede at blive allierede med. Under Klonkrigene havde Anakin Skywalker efterladt Jabiims oprørere, da republikken trak sig tilbage, og det havde de aldrig tilgivet.
3	Ahsoka Tano, nicknamed "Snips" by her Master and known as "Ashla" after the Clone Wars, was a Jedi Padawan who, after the conflict, helped establish a network of various rebel cells against the Galactic Empire. A Togruta female, Tano was discovered on her homeworld of Shili by Jedi Master Plo Koon, who brought her to the Jedi Temple on Coruscant to receive Jedi training. Following the outbreak of the Clone Wars, Jedi Grand Master Yoda assigned the young Tano to be the Padawan learner of Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, whom she joined at the Battle of Christophsis. Whereas Tano was eager to prove herself, Skywalker had a reputation for recklessness, and they had a rather difficult start as Master and apprentice. Yet, they worked together to rescue Rotta, the son of crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure, and returned Rotta to his father, thus facilitating a crucial alliance between the Hutt Clan and the Galactic Republic.
3	Although Ryvora continued to be frustrated by Xiono, she slowly warmed up to him. After Bucket informed her that hyperfuel had been stolen from Yeager's office, she was alarmed, telling Xiono when he asked her that more than a few drops of the stuff turned ships into flying bombs. This led Xiono to rush off to save the thief, Jace Rucklin, from the consequences of his actions.[10]
1	På et tidspunkt på 32 BBY Sebulba havde erfaret, at en Dug kaldet Gazurga havde vædde imod ham i Boonta Eve Classic podrace. Sebulba betragtede Gazurga en forræder og sendt en dusør på ham på 4.000 point. Denne dusør blev hævdet af Jango Fett .
1	Kort inde i Klonkrigenes forløb blev Fisto sendt til den vandrige planet for at hjælpe de indfødte Mon Calamarier, som uden hjælp ville være chanceløse imod de andre racer, som levede på planeten. Planetens andre racer (quarrens og moappaer), havde ikke blot allieret sig med hinanden, men også med Separatisterne. Det meste af slaget blev kæmpet under vand, hvilket dog ikke var en ulempe for Fisto, som, udover at have en fordel i at være nautolansk, havde et grønt lyssværd, som, modsat langt størstedelen af andre lyssværd, uden problemer kunne anvendes under vand. Efter flere dages kamp blev Fistos fjender besejret med fred på planeten til følge.
1	Plagueis var besat af at opnå kontrol over liv og død gennem Kraften, og hans endelige mål var at opnå udødelighed. Da han dog endelig lod til at have afluret dødens hemmeligheder, og hans politiske intriger havde båret frugt ved at lade hans lærling Palpatine blive valgt til Det Galaktiske Senat, blev han imidlertid forrådt. For Sidious havde ingen planer om at dele magten med sin mester, så han angreb Plagueis på et tidspunkt, hvor mesteren var faldet i søvn. Ude af stand til at kalde på Kraften til at genoplive sig, mens Sidous kvalte ham og sendte kraftlyn igennem ham, døde den mægtige Sith fyrste.
3	1 Jedi Master[4]Arca Jeth[4]3 Jedi Knights[3]Ulic Qel-Droma[3]Cay Qel-Droma[3]Tott Doneeta[3]Beast Rider war-beasts[3]Beast Riders[3]Beast Warrior Commandos[3]Oron Kira[4]Gobee[4]Iziz soldiers[3]
3	Article bodies of Star Wars Legends articles will comprehensively cover all content from applicable officially-licensed sources that Lucasfilm did not declare non-canon within the Legends continuity. Please see Wookieepedia:Canon policy#Reliable sources for a list of officially-licensed sources considered applicable to the Legends continuity.
3	"Rys" was the nickname assumed by a[2] diplomatic service[3] clone trooper of the Grand Army of the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars, a conflict against the Confederacy of Independent Systems and their Droid Army.[2] Like all clone troopers, he was created as a clone of the bounty hunter Jango Fett and trained on the planet Kamino before being deployed.[1] Rys was assigned to be a clone shock trooper[2] in the Coruscant Guard, a division of clones stationed on the planet Coruscant,[4] capital of the Republic.[5]
3	As a commander in the Grand Army of the Republic, Tano found a mentor in Clone Captain Rex of the 501st Legion, with whom she and Skywalker collaborated to lead frontline campaigns against the Confederacy of Independent Systems. In her first command position at the Battle of Ryloth, Tano disobeyed orders and lost her entire squadron of pilots, but she managed to rebound and helped secure a victory at Ryloth. Her assignments pitted her against a variety of opponents, from General Grievous and Sith apprentice Asajj Ventress to bounty hunters such as Cad Bane and Aurra Sing. Over time, she matured into a respected leader, contributing to key Republic victories like the Second Battle of Geonosis and the Battle of Mon Cala. She even died during a series of events on Mortis, but the Force wielder known as the Daughter sacrificed herself to bring Tano back to life.
3	Gilad Pellaeon was a male individual who served as a captain in the naval forces of the Galactic Empire, commanding the Imperial Star Destroyer Harbinger as part of Grand Admiral Balanhai Savit's Third Fleet. When Savit was exposed as a traitor who was stealing components from Project Stardust, Pellaeon sided with Grand Admiral Thrawn and Commodore Karyn Faro, and helped them arrest his superior.
2	I kapselen begynner luften å bli dårlig. Klonene tror de ikke har noen betydning - at ingen vil komme å se etter dem og heller prioritere å ta knekken på Malevolence. Ploo Koon sier han verdsetter livene deres høyere enn å finne Grievous våpen.
3	"The Written Word: A Brief Introduction to the Writing Systems of Galactic Basic" was an article written by Doctor Milanda Vorgan, the Associate Professor of Xenolinguistics at the University of Charmath. The article was published in 38 ABY as a part of The Shafr Anthology of Galactic Language, Second Edition. Split into six main sections, the article detailed the various forms of writing that had developed over the course of the galaxy's history, and how the various forms of language and typography had evolved and come to be implemented, from the pre-Republican Infinite Empire of the Rakata, to the more recent Galactic Alliance standards.
2	En skraphandler ved navn Watto var den eneste som hadde de aktuelle delene, men ville ikke selge for republikkens valuta, som ikke var verdt noe på den fjerne planeten. Imidlertid kom Qui-Gon i kontakt med en svært spesiell niåring, med et større krafttalent enn han noensinne hadde sett. Qui-Gon hadde stor tro på ham, satset alt de hadde for hånden, lot ham delta i et podløp - og gutten vant. Nå fikk de råd til delene de trengte, og Qui-Gon tok gutten med seg til Coruscant. Før de reiste fra planeten ble imidlertid Qui-Gon angrepet av en motstander med lyssabel og ferdigheter som overgikk ham selv. Qui-Gons konklusjon var at det måtte være en sithfyrste, onde kraftbrukere, som man trodde hadde vært utdødd i om lag 1000 år.
2	Grievous, født Qymaen jai Sheelai, er fra planeten Kalee og var en del av de stolte Kaleeshkrigerne. Han kjempet i krigen mot Huk, en insektlignende art, og tok livet av mange krigere. Qymaen møtte en kvinnelig Kaleesh, Ronderu lij Kummar, og de fikk nære føleser før hun ble drept av Huk. Hjerteknust, Qymaen tok navnet Grievous og gikk for å hevne seg mot Huk.
2	I kampsitasjoner i felten gav imidlertid ikke standardvåpenet god nok treffsikkerhet på langt hold. I kamp fikk derfor troppene utdelt laserrifler. Disse var svært robuste, og gav dem en stor fordel.
2	AT-AA antiluftskyts ble satt inn som støtte til AT-AT-walkernes mindre kanoner og pepret luftrommet med flak-projektiler. Mange av Rogue-skvadronens piloter ble drept og Lukes speeder ble skutt ned. Han klarte dog å klatre opp under en AT-AT-enhet og hive en granat inn gjennom en luke, hvilket førte til at walkeren ble ødelagt.
3	The Battle of Rhen Var was a conflict between the reconstituted Sith Empire and Galactic Republic during the Great Galactic War, fought around 3653 BBY. The engagement was catalyzed by the Empire's invasion and seizure of the icy Outer Rim world of Rhen Var&#8212;an operation overseen by the Dark Council member and Dark Lord of the Sith, Darth Mekhis. Mekhis, a Sith scientist and alchemist, intended to use the world to test her new creations, and though she was initially successful in her endeavors, a Republic intervention force led by members of the Jedi Order arrived on the planet to challenge the Empire for control.
3	In 15 BBY,[1] the discovery of rich reserves of fuel ore on the Outer Rim world of Biitu attracted the attention of the Great Heep, along with the Empire and Mungo Baobab,[2] heir to the famed Baobab Merchant Fleet.[5] Baobab intended to establish a mining operation that would provide the native Biituians with a fair share of the profits.[2] The Great Heep, however, intended to enslave the local population and drain the planet of its resources.[6] The Heep formed a partnership with Screed, and together they seized control of Biitu and established a droid-run mining operation on the planet.[3] Central to the mining operation was a tower known as the "moisture eater," which drained all moisture from Biitu's atmosphere, providing the dry environment preferred by the Abominor[3] and a means to cool the mining equipment,[5] at the cost of a drought that killed Biituian crops and left the farming-dependent natives on the verge of death.[2]
3	The Phantom Menace was released in theaters on May 19, 1999, becoming the first Star Wars film since Star Wars: Episode VI Return of the Jedi, which was released sixteen years earlier. The release was accompanied by extensive media coverage and great fan anticipation. Despite mixed reviews from critics and fans, the film grossed $924.3 million worldwide, making it the second highest-grossing Star Wars film when unadjusted for inflation. It was re-released on Blu-ray in September 2011, and was re-released in theaters in 3D on February 10, 2012.
2	Når Anakin Skywalker og padawan Ahsoka Tano skulle levere Jabbas sønn tilbake til Tatooine ble de angrepet og styrtet på planeten. Ahsoka måtte senere møte tre av dem og kom knapt unna med livet.
2	Jabba ble rasende, og krevde erstatning for lasten. Da Solo ikke klarte å komme opp med kreditter, måtte Jabba sende dusørjegerne sine etter ham. Den første som feilet i å fange Solo var rodianeren Greedo. Greedo endte opp som et lik i en av Mos Eisleys kantiner. Nå endret Jabba taktikk, og prøvde å spille en slags støttende "far" for Solo, og gav ham noe bedre tid til å betale tilbake gjelden.
3	During the early rebellion against the Galactic Empire, Gilad Pellaeon was an Imperial officer who held the rank of captain during his deployment with the Imperial Navy. He served as the commanding officer of the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Harbinger in Grand Admiral Balanhai Savit's Third Fleet, though the Grand Admiral was not satisfied with the degree of Pellaeon's personal loyalty to him. During the fleet's anti-piracy campaign in the Esaga sector, Savit ordered Pellaeon and the latter's first officer to meet him to discuss a pirate-hunting mission. However, unbeknownst to Pellaeon, the Grand Admiral himself had hired the pirates in order to steal components from Project Stardust, which saw the construction of the Death Star superweapon.[1]
2	Han Solo og hans wookie-venn Chewbacca, hadde en lang karriere som smuglere, og fikk seg mange mektige venner og fiender. Det var av hans venn Lando Calrissian han vant det særdeles raske skipet Millennium Falcon.
3	Solo: A Star Wars Story is a stand-alone Star Wars film directed by Ron Howard from a screenplay by Lawrence Kasdan and Jon Kasdan, released Worldwide on May 25, 2018. It stars Alden Ehrenreich as Han Solo in the years prior to Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope. Donald Glover portrays Lando Calrissian and Joonas Suotamo portrays the Wookiee Chewbacca. Woody Harrelson, Emilia Clarke, Thandie Newton, and Phoebe Waller-Bridge also star.
3	L'ulo L'ampar was a male Duros who served as a commander in the Alliance to Restore the Republic and as a pilot in the Resistance. In the year 4 ABY, Lieutenant L'ampar participated in the Battle of Endor, flying an A-wing in Green Squadron. As the Galactic Civil War raged on after the Rebel victory at Endor, L'ampar was promoted to captain and led Green Squadron through campaigns such as the liberation of Cawa City. During this time, L'ampar formed a close friendship with Shara Bey, a fellow Green Squadron pilot. Three months after the Battle of Endor, Bey mustered out of service, and L'ampar maintained a close relationship with her, acting as an uncle figure to her son, Poe Dameron.
2	Den Kubaza eller Kubazian var en insektetende arter innfødt tilplaneten Kubindi i Ytre Rim Territories . Selv om relativt nye iGalactic samfunnet ved institusjonen påNew Order , arter var den allerede allestedsnærværende gjennom hele republikken under Clone Wars .
3	The Knights of Ren were neither Jedi nor Sith, but a new generation of warriors[11] imbued with the power of the Force,[4] though not to the extent of the aforementioned Jedi or Sith.[12] As such, the Knights permitted only Force-sensitive beings to join their ranks. Even if a non-Force user was more inclined to their way of thinking than a potential recruit, the Knights would sooner kill them than accept one who could not feel the Force. Aside from the requirement of Force-sensitivity, admission into the group necessitated that a personal sacrifice. Another Knight known as "Ren" once asked a candidate for the Knights to kill his own brother,[3] and Snoke warned Ben Solo that the price of entry was steep. Ultimately, the path to becoming a Knight of Ren ended in only one of two outcomes: succeed and join the Knights, or fail and die.[6]
3	However, when the Knight and T7-O1 raided Black Sun's headquarters to find Tarnis, the two discovered that the doctor was in fact a Sith Lord who had been masquerading as a Republic scientist. Tarnis had stolen the Planet Prison superweapon,[7] a device that supercharged a planet's atmosphere and turned it into an enormous ion cannon,[8] and he now planned to activate it on Coruscant. Teaming up with the Padawan Kira Carsen, the Knight tracked Tarnis to the territory of the paramilitary Justicars' Brigade, and learned that Tarnis had tricked the project research team into bringing him the real prototype before murdering them. From a dying scientist named Jonkan, the two Jedi learned that the device needed time to charge up to full capacity, and that it generated immense amounts of heat while doing so. Thanks to Jonkan's information, the Knight and Carsen were able to locate the device in the ruins of the Jedi Temple,[1] which had been destroyed in the Sacking of Coruscant by the Empire over ten years earlier.[9]
2	Det var kjent at Leia hadde blitt adoptert inn i den kongelige familien. Det som ikke var kjent var at hun var Anakin Skywalkers datter, nå Darth Vaders. Hun hadde blitt født i hemmelighet, og blitt gjemt for Keiseren og Vader. Leia hadde også en tvillingbror,  Luke, som ble gjemt på Tatooine i nærheten av Obi-Wan Kenobi.
1	Antilles var en del af starfighter styrken i mere end tre årtier, stillede sig ofte op imod utrolige odds, og var blandt de få overlevende i slagene om Yavin, Hoth, og Endor. Han var også den eneste pilot der kæmpede mod begge Dødsstjerner og overlevede.
1	Da han deserterede gemte Atton sig i flygtninge kvartererne på Nar Shaddaa, og blandede sig med de tusinder af flygtninge der var blevet hjemløse under krigene. Det var her han blev en smugler, og transporterede slaver, flygtninge, krydderier og andre ting fra Smuglermånen. I 3,951 BBY rejste Atton til en mine facilitet nær den tilintetgjorte planet Peragus, sandsynsligvis på et smuglertogt. Uheldigvis blev han fanget af stationens sikkerhedsfolk. Ironisk nok reddede dette Atton's liv. Kort efter hans tilfangetagelse gik mine robotterne og ventilation systemerne amok, og udryddede alt liv på stationen, på nær Atton der var i sikkerhed i sit Kraftbur.[1]
1	R2-D2, også kaldt Artoo, var en astromech droid, den mest berømte R2 series i galaksen, og en ven af Protokol droiden C-3PO. Sammen med hans mange resourcer havde R2 mange værktøjer der gjorde ham til en rumskibs mekaniker og computer specialist. R2 var en modig droid der ofte kastede sig ud i farlige situationer. Dette gjorde at han mange gange reddede dagen, og derved havde en hvis inflydelse på den galaktiske historie.
2	Fremdeles ingen svar fra datatreffen. Jeg forstår det ikke… men jeg forsøker å holde motet oppe, jeg tror jeg kommer til å få en treff snart. De virket så samarbeidsvillige etter at jeg hadde truet med å forvandle bygningen deres til en haug med rykende aske.
3	He originally served solely as a maintenance droid aboard Azzameen Home Base and the family's YT-2000 light freighter Otana, but was later able to put his piloting modifications to use when family head Tomaas Azzameen, owner of Twin Suns Transport Services and Alliance sympathizer, determined it time to train his youngest son Ace in the family trading business. Emkay, along with Ace's siblings Emon and Aeron, were assigned to instruct the new pilot. The droid accompanied Ace on delivery runs for the family, often encountering Viraxo Industries&#8212; an Imperial-aligned trading company and rivals to the Azzameens and their company and with whom MK-09 held great contempt.
1	Lusankya var den anden Executor-class Star Destroyer der blev bygget. Det var 19,000 meter langt, tolv gange længden af en almindelig Imperial I-class Star Destroyer. Det kunne bære mere end 5,000 våben, mindst 12 TIE Fighter eskadriller, mindst 200 andre skibe, to prefabrikerede garnision baser, og nok stormtroopere og AT-ATs til at indtage ethvert stjerne system.
3	While the dark side nature of the collected materials concerned the Jedi, the museum's curator was skeptical about the power each item possessed; he believed that they were nothing more than worthless antiquities and mused that it was highly improbable that anyone could use any of them to conquer the galaxy. When Aleema asked a final time to just be allowed to glance at the items, the curator relented. He led both her and Satal into an adjacent room with more tables and display cases, as well as piles of ancient texts and talismans. The Ketos were fascinated by the exhibit's contents, but the curator dismissed the artifacts as insignificant; he had yet to complete the presentation with the holographic and special effect lighting that he was sure would become the exhibit's main attraction. Aleema then asked the curator the extent of his own dark side knowledge, to which he confessed was nonexistent. He instead deferred to a datapad that gave a brief overview of the origins of the Dark Lords of the Sith and the long-forgotten civilization over which they ruled. The trio was interrupted at that moment by a comlink message for the curator, who excused himself while allowing the Ketos to peruse the exhibit unaccompanied.[3]
3	The standard sanctions for dealing with violators of IRC policies are as follows. As on Wookieepedia, sanctions undertaken by administrators while acting as a channel operator fall under administrative autonomy.
3	Star Maps were artifacts left behind by the ancient Rakatan Infinite Empire. Constructed of a self-sustaining technology that was imbued with and drew upon the dark side of the Force, these Star Maps were fabricated to be monuments to the glory of the Rakatan Empire. Originally, each Map indicated the precise location of the Infinite Empire's greatest achievement: the Star Forge, a factory of immense proportions. Through intentional sabotage from the retreating Rakata as their empire fell, much of the information contained within the Star Maps was lost. Over time, however, the Maps repaired themselves as designed, allowing those who sought the information contained within to piece together their full contents from multiple Maps. The most complete known example, as of the Mandalorian Wars, was located on Dantooine. This Map was housed in an ancient temple built by Rakatan slaves and protected by a set of droids, including one designed for informational purposes.
1	Kit Fisto var en berømt mandlig nautolansk Jedi mester. Han var Padawan under Mester Yoda. Selv nåede han at have to Padawaner - Bant Eerin og Nahdar Vebb. Begge blev dræbt. Fisto selv blev dræbt, da han var en del af det hold, som, anført af Mester Windu, opsøgte Kansler Palpatine for at anholde ham, efter at Anakin Skywalker over for Jedierne havde afsløret at Palpatine i virkeligheden var den Sith-fyrste, som de længe havde ledt efter.
1	Et isborer skib fløjet af Jacen Solo, blev båret af Merry Miner, der blev fløjet af Jaina Solo, mod isplaneten Helska IV. Planen var at Jacens skib skulle bore sig gennem overfladen og se hvor store fjendens styrker var. Isboreren blev sendt afsted mod planeten, men Merry Miner blev angrebet af coralskippere. På det tidspunk ankom den Nye Republiks styrke, ledet af Warshack Rojo, til systemet, sammen med Millennium Falcon og Jade Sabre.
2	Som jediridder under Klonekrigene fikk han en legendarisk status. Mot slutten av krigen falt han imidlertid til den mørke siden, og ble sithfyrsten Darth Vader.
1	På Coruscant sluttede Iella sig til oprøret som en efterretningsagent, og lavede tit undercover arbejde flere måneder i træk. I 7 ABY, hjalp hun Rogue Squadron på dens mission om at indtage Coruscant fra Ysanne Isard's regime.[2]
3	During the Great Galactic War, a duel between Teneb Kel and Exal Kressh occurred on Lenico Colony Blue, a hospital space station orbiting the dead world of Lenico IV. Kel, a disgraced Sith apprentice, was tasked by the Dark Council of the Sith Empire to hunt down and eliminate Kressh, a traitor to the Empire and the Sith Emperor's former apprentice. Over a month earlier, Kressh had abandoned the Empire and began leaking confidential Imperial intelligence to the Sith's adversaries in the war, the Galactic Republic, with the intent to disrupt the Emperor's life-twisting Sith rituals. Kressh traveled to Lenico after managing to flee from the Empire's agents, hoping that entering a medically-induced stasis would prevent her former Master from detecting her Force presence.
3	Wookieepedia is an encyclopedia, not a publisher of original thought. The threshold for inclusion in Wookieepedia is whether material is attributable to a reliable published source, not whether it is true. Wookieepedia is not the place to publish your opinions, experiences, or arguments.
3	In the same year of its inception, The Dark Lords of the Sith exhibit was patronized by Aleema and Satal Keto, two socialite cousins native to the Empress Teta system. Despite the insignificance of the exhibit's artifacts as purported by the museum curator, the Ketos' interest in dark side&#8211;oriented objects led them to steal an ancient Sith spellbook from a display. With the knowledge they gained from its contents, Aleema and Satal became influential in the resurgence of the actual Dark Lords of the Sith, for whom the museum exhibit was named.
1	Executor-class Star Dreadnought, bedre kendt som Super-class Star Destroyer eller Super Star Destroyer, var en type af kæmpemæssige krigsskibe, der tit blev brugt som kommandoskibe i imperiets flåde. På deres tid var det de nogle af de største krigssibe i galaksen, kun overgået af dødsstjernerne. De havde en besætning på mere end en kvart million mænd, og var næsten umulige at besejre i kamp. Til gengæld var de ufatteligt dyre at bygge.
3	During the final stages of the Death Star's construction, the project faced potential exposure in the form of a rather talkative cargo pilot. Krennic restlessly sought to silence these rumors, ordering the first successful discharge of the superlaser on the sacred moon of Jedha, where news of the technological terror had reached. However, Krennic was ultimately unable to contain the project's secrecy, and the Rebel Alliance soon launched an attack on the coastal planet Scarif where data tapes containing a complete technical readout of the station were being held. After Director Krennic failed to prevent the theft of these tapes, Tarkin deployed the Death Star in a continued effort to eliminate the compromised facility. Krennic met his end in this second blast of his own creation, an ironic culmination of his life's work. Soon afterward, the Rebellion successfully exploited a vulnerability in the Death Star discovered through the stolen plans, detonating the reactor module and leading to the downfall of Krennic's achievement.
2	Dobbeltspillet var med omvendelsen i gang, og som Tyranus bestilte han en gigantisk klonehær for Republikken, mens han som greve samlet bare enda flere tilhengere. I et møte på Geonosis klarte Dooku å overtale de største handelskonstellasjonene i galaksen til å slå sammen sine enorme ressurser, og med det lage galaksens største hær, og med dette begynte i realiteten Klonekrigen.
1	Da Isard blev besejret blev Lusankya overtaget af Den Nye Republik, og var en del af dennes flåde indtil skibets ødelæggelse under Yuuzhan Vong Krigen.
2	Samtidig som slaget pågikk, ble frakteskip lastet opp med stridsenheter og utstyr, og tok av fra basen. Hvert skip ble eskortert av kun to jagerfly og måtte passere gjennom Imperiets blokade rundt planeten. En gigantisk ionekanon sendte av flere skudd mot potensielle angripere i bane rundt planeten, for å gi transportene sjansen til å flykte. Minst en stjernedestroyer ble uskadeliggjort på denne måten, fordi alle dens elektriske systemer ble satt ut av spill.
3	By the time of the Clone Wars, K1-1R's droid model was considered outdated. Despite his antiquated design, K1-1R became a bounty hunter of some renown and was able to charge high fees for his services. He also cultivated a number of allies among those who opposed the Republic.[3] In about 20 BBY,[1] a bioweapon attack on the planet Caarimon was averted by the Heroes of Cularin, a group of freelance agents from the Cularin system. The incident generated publicity for the agents and led to the rediscovery of Contract AA23, a bounty for the capture of the agents that had been placed by the Metatheran Cartel envoy Velin Wir more than ten years earlier, and which had compounded over time to an accumulated value of 500,000 for the agents' arrest. K1-1R learned of the bounty, and he teamed up with the Rodian bounty hunter Drokka and the Human assassin Shiana Trist to attempt to apprehend the agents and claim the prize. K1-1R acted as the trio's tactical leader; they contrived to ensnare the agents during an errand that the agents were to make to the moon Nar Shaddaa to rendezvous with Korlana Toryn, the daughter of the influential Republic Senator Jasso Toryn.[3]
3	During the First Order–Resistance war, a First Order Resurgent-class Star Destroyer attacked and destroyed an Aeosian village as part of their campaign to deny the Resistance access to former Rebel Alliance bases. The attack led to the abandonment of the village and resulted in several wounded Aeosians. When the Colossus refueling platform arrived seeking refuge, the Aeosian Queen ordered her people to attack the newcomers. However, Kazuda Xiono managed to convince her that the Colossus did not pose a threat. In return for medical supplies to treat the wounded, the Queen gave Captain Imanuel Doza and his people sanctuary.
3	Switch was a protocol droid with masculine programming who worked as both a crime lord and an information broker on the XQ2 Platform Sel Zonn Station in the years following the end of the Clone Wars. Switch established a criminal organization that was based in a storage bay on Sel Zonn Station. He soon became a rival of the Chevin criminal Ganga Lor, and he competed with Lor for control of illegal activities aboard the space station.
3	HG-211 was a military droid[1] with masculine programming who resided on the moon Uffel in the Cularin system during the waning years of the Galactic Republic. HG-211 served as the head of security for a community of droids that operated a series of droid production facilities on the moon,[2] and he maintained an office in the city X2-4.[1] In about 31 BBY,[3] a debris storm over Uffel caused the ancient protocol droid LN-73 to fall to the surface of the moon. The droid had first been dispatched to Uffel about half a century earlier by the investor Hesk Beldross to take over the moon's droid production facilities, and it initiated its plans to to subjugate Uffel by sabotaging the moon's manufacturing lines, including a line producing MSF-series droids, a variant of the MSE-series mouse droid. Following the sabotage, HG-211 ordered that all droids working on the MSF production line be fitted with restraining bolts, to prevent them from affecting other droids.[1]
3	Defeating Vivicar was the accomplishment that earned the Jedi the title of Barsen'thor. With that victory also came another assignment, from the Republic's Supreme Chancellor Dorian Janarus himself. Granted the title of Jedi Master, the Barsen'thor was assigned as an envoy to the Rift Alliance, an organization of worlds seeking to secede from the Republic due to disillusionment with the galactic government's ignorance of their planets' problems. After rescuing the representatives of the Rift Alliance from a Sith attack, the Barsen'thor tried to convince the politicians to come back into the Republic's fold. In order to do so, however, he had to prove the Republic's worth to the Rift Alliance. To this end, he performed a number of tasks on behalf of the Rift Alliance on the planets Balmorra, Quesh and Hoth.
1	Lando Calrissian landede skibet Record Time på planeten, og sendte tyve af hans YVH 1 battle droids afsted. Yuuzhan Vongerne brugte i starten træet og lignende som dæking, og smed thud bugs og razor bugs på deres fjender.[1] Men Calrissian havde programmeret sin droids med et unikt kampråb: "Vi er maskiner! Vi er større end Yuuzhan Vongerne!"[2]
3	The group's members share a passion for this critically acclaimed series, and we expect to make articles related to the show rank amongst the best that Wookieepedia has to offer. Anyone who watches the show and has a registered account is welcome to join!
3	Kazuda Xiono, nicknamed "Kaz," was a human male military pilot who served the New Republic in the years following the conclusion of the Galactic Civil War. The son of Senator Hamato Xiono, Kazuda served with the Starfighter Corps of the New Republic Defense Fleet during the cold war, at which point the Resistance recruited him to spy on the First Order. As a result, he was sent to the Colossus&#8212;an independent refueling station located on the Outer Rim planet Castilon&#8212;where Commander Poe Dameron instructed him to gather information pertaining to the local population's sympathies and determine if their allegiance was to the Republic or the First Order.
1	Helt tilbage fra Old Sith Wars har det været forbudt at have mere end en Padawan ad gangen, på grund af den dermed større chance for at eleverne faldt til de mørke sider fra Sitherne. Selvom de ældgamle masters som Arca Jeth og Jedi Exile havde flere lærlinge på givne tidspunkter, blev traditionen om at hver Master kun måtte have en Padawan indført, da dette sikrede at hver enkelt padawan fik mere opmærksomhed. Ironisk nok er optegnelsen af denne regel i Jedi Code tæt forbundet med Sith-regelen med Rule of Two, hvor en Padawan havde samme rang som en "Shadow Hand"
1	R2-D2 strolls across the desert planet he landed on after getting shot out of Anakin Skywalker's starfighter.  Artoo eventually comes upon on an oasis.  Meanwhile, Skywalker and Ahsoka Tano leave Coruscant in a Y-wing and Jedi starfighter respectively.  The two arrive at an asteroid field where a space slug lunges for Skywalker.  The slug misses Skywalker's ship and its mouth closes around an asteroid instead.  Tano then shoots the rock out of the space slug’s mouth.  On Tatooine, R2-D2 is relaxing at the oasis.  Three Jawas sneak up on him, disable Artoo with their ion blasters, and take him to their sandcrawler.
3	The film was the catalyst for fifteen years of Star Wars storytelling that would primarily take place around the time of the prequel storyline. The success of the film allowed for the next two chapters of the prequel trilogy, as well as the Star Wars: The Clone Wars film and television series.
3	By 0 BBY,[5] TX-828 had been promoted to sergeant, and he served under Imperial Security Bureau Senior Commander Alecia Beck, stationed aboard the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Vehement. During this time, Beck had been tracking the Shrikes, operatives for the Alliance to Restore the Republic, and she traced the rebel cell to the planet Taanab, where she hoped to observe their actions and learn information about Alliance High Command.[1]
3	The tower assembly housed the primary cognitive module and was crowned by a saucer-shaped head that was capable of 360-degree rotation. The Tower Droid was equipped with an array of sensors.[1] Visual sensors for a range of wavelengths,[4] as well as auditory, electromagnetic, radionic and seismic sensors, were located around the rim of the head, while infrared sensors were spaced around the top of the tower assembly.[1] A broadband antenna extending from the top of the head allowed it to receive orders from a central command center and transmit guidance data to a number of seeker drones that it used to investigate suspicious sensor readings.[4] Removing the head was sufficient to disable a Tower Droid.[5]
3	Its aged appearance belied numerous advanced modifications to boost the ship's speed, weapons, and shield, including a hyperdrive engine among the fastest in the entire galaxy, enabling it to outrun Imperial Star Destroyers. It included sensor-proof smuggling compartments, which were used during the rescue of Princess Leia Organa in 0 BBY to evade Imperial stormtroopers.[1] Afterwards, the Millennium Falcon saw further action when Solo chose to join the Rebels during the Battle of Yavin, where it was able to sneak up and fire on Darth Vader's TIE Advanced, allowing Luke Skywalker to fire the proton torpedo that destroyed the Death Star.
3	Roodown witnessed the criminal Zool Zendiat and a group of thugs arrive in Niima and capture Plutt while they searched for the head of a J9 droid that had been sold to the junk dealer. When the human scavenger Rey arrived in the outpost and asked what had happened, Roodown described Plutt's kidnapping to her shortly before the Gabdorin Krynodd declared himself the new "junkboss" of Niima.[6] Rey then rescued Plutt, who reclaimed control of Niima.[7]
3	After the final rebel, the Jedi Luke Skywalker, was captured, J'Quille traveled on the Hutt's sail barge, the Khetanna, to witness the rebels' planned executions at the Pit of Carkoon. However, the rebels managed to defeat Jabba's forces there and kill the Hutt, destroying his sail barge as they escaped. J'Quille survived the explosion but found that Valarian had placed a bounty on him, since he had not been personally responsible for Jabba's death. Unable to leave Tatooine, J'Quille joined the B'omarr Order.
3	Snoke was an artificial humanoid male alien created by Darth Sidious and the Sith Eternal, a cult of loyalists to the Sith religion and followers of Darth Sidious, on Exegol, the legendary hidden world of the Sith in the Unknown Regions of the galaxy. Sidious and the Sith Eternal also stored multiple additional copies of Snoke on Exegol.[3]
3	Born on the Core World Coruscant, the capital of the Galactic Republic in around 80 BBY, Jinn eventually learned the ways of the Force as the Padawan of Jedi Master Dooku before ultimately attaining the rank of Jedi Knight. He would go on to take an apprentice of his own, Obi-Wan Kenobi, who adhered to the principles of the Jedi Code more than his own master. When the Trade Federation initiated a blockade of the Mid Rim planet Naboo in 32 BBY, Jinn and Kenobi were dispatched to resolve the crisis at the request of Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum. Influenced by the mysterious Sith Lord Darth Sidious, the Federation launched a full-scale invasion of Naboo, forcing the Jedi to rescue Queen Padmé Amidala after the fall of Theed. During their journey to the galactic capital, the group was forced to land on the Outer Rim planet Tatooine where Jinn encountered a young slave named Anakin Skywalker. Using a scientific method to gauge the boy's potential, he learned that Skywalker had more midi-chlorians in his blood than any Force-sensitive in galactic history, including Grand Master Yoda. The revelation that he was the result of a miracle birth&#8212;a child born of a mother but had no father&#8212;confirmed Jinn's suspicion that Skywalker was, in fact, the Chosen One destined to restore balance to the Force. Before departing the desert world with Skywalker, Jinn was confronted by Sidious' Sith apprentice Darth Maul and although their duel was brief, it convinced Jinn that the Sith had returned after a millennium of silence.
3	Although momentarily shielded from the capital ship's barrage of fire by the bulk of the Xucphra Alazhi as the Corrupter destroyed the tanker, Jawaswag and Darklighter survived only after the latter took them on a blind hyperspace jump away from the battle, yet Shiel was caught in the Corrupter's fire and perished. After fifteen seconds, they exited hyperspace, and Jawaswag plotted the first of seven short jumps that led them away from the battle zone. With Darklighter hoping to return to the Rogue Squadron base in the Yag'Dhul system, the pair stopped at the planet Halanit to refuel at a Rogue Squadron-friendly colony. As the colonists needed to synthesize the fuel, the refueling process was to take two days, so Darklighter left Jawaswag in the starfighter. However, the Corrupter soon arrived at Halanit to make an example of the colonists for siding with Rogue Squadron, and the Imperials assaulted the colony.[1]
3	J'Quille was a Whiphid male from the planet Toola. During the Galactic Civil War, he worked as a bounty hunter for the Hutt crime lord Jabba Desilijic Tiure on the planet Tatooine. Unbeknownst to Jabba, the Whiphid truly served as a spy for the Hutt's rival Lady Valarian, with whom J'Quille had a romantic affair, and planned to kill Jabba for her by poisoning the Hutt's food. J'Quille was present in Jabba's Palace in the year 4 ABY, when a group of rebels attempted to rescue the smuggler Han Solo from Jabba's clutches. The Whiphid witnessed the arrival and capture of each member of the group.
3	Until this point in the war, the Emperor had widely ignored the need for allies, and instead blazed a path of conquest across the galaxy with Sith and Imperial forces alone.[11] This independence was the primary point of reform that Imperial tacticians focused on when they began to rework their strategies[14] in 3667 BBY.[15] In that year, representatives of the Imperial Diplomatic Service began to actively solicit crime lords, criminal syndicates, assassins, and bounty hunters for assistance in their war. Along with the Hutt Cartel, these groups had been debating whether to support the Republic or the Empire since the start of the war, and active courting by Imperial diplomats did little to alter their indecisive demeanor.[14]
3	As rebellious activities increased on Lothal, the Empire also increased its efforts in corralling the planet's criminal underworld, and few elements escaped attention. The Empire targeted the Gray Syndicate's gambling operations and warehouses, before finally accomplishing the Syndicate's near total destruction by raiding its headquarters and killing Laxo. Her death left Holshef in danger, as there remained an Imperial bounty issued for the old man's capture. Thus, Merei Spanjaf, a human female who had come to know and like Holshef through her activities with the Syndicate, sought to spirit him off Lothal.
1	Moderen til Luke Skywalker og Prinsesse Leia Organa er første gang nævnt i 1983 filmen Return of the Jedi , selvom hun ikke er navngivet. Mens der i Ewok landsby på skov måne Endor , oplyser Luke Leia at hun er hans søster, og at Sith Lord Darth Vader er deres far. Når du bliver spurgt, om hun husker sin "rigtige mor," Leia svar, "Hun døde, da jeg var meget ung" så senere, når Luke spørger flere af hendes erindringer, siger hun: "Hun var meget smuk ... Kind ... men trist ". Luke tilstår han har ingen erindringer om deres mor, og diskussionen ender som han forlader landsbyen for at konfrontere Vader på den anden Dødsstjerne .
1	Den Nye Republik troede at skibet blev ødelagt under Slaget om Selaggis da skibet gemte sig under en Orbital Nightcloak der blev aktiveret af den genbyggede Executor-class Star Dreadnought Razor's Kiss, nu omdøbt til Second Death. Second Death blev ødelagt da Iron Fist flygtede til hyperrummet, og derved fik det til at se ud som om Zsinj's flagskib blev ødelagt.
3	In 25 ABY, during the Yuuzhan Vong War, Catch was still serving as Darklighter's astromech, and the droid participated in Rogue Squadron action in the Outer Rim Territories, facing off against pirates and later the forces of the invading Yuuzhan Vong species as Rogue Squadron searched for intelligence on the invaders. Catch also flew alongside Darklighter during a battle at the planet Dantooine, where they engaged enemy fighters that were covering a ground troop advance, and later saw action at the planet Ithor, with Catch and Darklighter downing Yuuzhan Vong landing craft in Ithor's atmosphere.
3	Gorr sent the Neimoidian spy Hallion Nark to the Colossus as an inside agent. Nark soon gave them the all-clear for an attack on the platform. During the attack, San served as Gorr's co-pilot on his shuttle. While fighting Ace Squadron, the defenders of the Colossus, an individual fell onto the windscreen of their shuttle. Gorr and San shook him off and continued to cause havoc on the platform. However, a disturbance occurred on the comm channel. San tried to stop it, but it began jamming all of the shuttle's systems. The Aces used this to their advantage and shot down one of the pirate fighters, forcing Gorr to order a retreat.[2]
1	General Grievous er en fiktiv karakter i Star Wars universet , en antagonist, som først dukkede op i Star Wars: Clone Wars (2003 TV-serie) . Han blev udtrykt af Matthew Wood . Ifølge Revenge of the Sith DVD , seriens skaber George Lucas instrueret hans kreative team for at skabe en skurk, der varslede Anakin Skywalker omdannelse til Darth Vader&#160;: den tunge vejrtrækning, den cyborg krop, og hans forførelse ind i en ondsindet fraktion.
3	Grievous was a Kaleesh male warlord who served as a commanding officer in the military forces of the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the last years of the Galactic Republic. Although he was known by his rank as a general, Grievous was the Supreme Commander of the Separatist Droid Army that engaged the Grand Army of the Republic throughout the pan-galactic conflict of the Clone Wars. Noted for his ruthlessness and extensive cybernetic enhancements, Grievous inspired fear as he traveled across the galaxy, invading entire worlds and engaging the Jedi Knights of the Republic.
1	Selvom denne æra foregår over fireogtyve tusinde år foregår den tidligste udgivelse til dato ikke tidligere end 5,000 BBY. Tiden før det, og Før-Republic eraen består mest af legender.
3	These are articles that may have their FA status removed by the Inquisitorius if not brought back up to quality. Please see what you can do to help the articles maintain their current status.
3	The Knights of Ren were Kylo Ren's most mysterious and deadly servants.[9] They were an enclave of masked warriors wielding distinctive weapons for ranged and closequarter combat, making them the elite and fearsome enforcers of Kylo's will.[10] The Knights hailed from the galaxy's Unknown Regions where their name and reputation inspired centuries of cautionary tales about the dangers lurking in uncharted space. Though local folklore warned of marauders known as the Knights of Ren, the exact origins of their modern incarnation remained mysterious, for they were either directly connected to that ancient tradition or wrapping themselves in the legacy of legends. The New Republic-era Knights of Ren were nonetheless a force to be reckoned with.[4] Their martial prowess was without equal,[9] and they thrived in violence and strife.[4]
3	However, a resistance movement on Mandalore led by renegade members of the Death Watch, who refused to bow to Maul's leadership, threatened the Sith Lord's position in the underworld.[11] The Hutts abandoned the Shadow Collective[12] and the absence of significant returns on their investments led the Pykes and Black Sun to follow suit.[13] Sometime later, the Mandalorian rebels received assistance from the Republic and the Jedi Order to assist their liberation of Mandalore. Maul's hold on the world broke and he was forced into hiding as Darth Sidious established himself as Emperor of the regime born from the reorganized Republic.[14][15]
3	During the First Order–Resistance war, the Colossus refueling platform escaped First Order forces on the planet Aeos Prime. After fleeing the planet Castilon, the Colossus spent several months searching for a new world to settle. They picked the planet Aeos Prime, an isolated ocean world. Despite initial hostilities, the Colossus residents managed to make peace with the Aeosian Queen, who gave them asylum.
3	The Blockade of the Hydian Way was an offensive action against the Galactic Republic by the Mandalorian warrior clans in the final decade of the Great Galactic War. The blockade was orchestrated by the Sith Empire's Ministry of Intelligence, which had spent years investing in the resurrection of the then-disbanded Mandalorian clans. The Empire's efforts culminated with the rise of Mandalore the Lesser, who was little more than a puppet for the Sith government. Disaffected Mandalorians from across the galaxy rallied to the man regardless and acquiesced to Imperial demands for support in their decades-long war against the Republic. After a series of skirmishes between Mandalorians and Jedi, the warriors launched their primary operation in 3661 BBY. That year, Mandalorian cruisers seized control of the Hydian Way, a vital trade and supply route used by the Republic to move goods and resources from the Outer Rim Territories to civilian population centers in the Core Worlds, as well as military materiel bound for battlefronts across the galaxy.
1	Jacen Solo var Han Solo og Leia Organa Solos ældste søn, Jainas yngre tvilling og bror til den afdøde Anakin. Selv før Jacen og hans søster blev født, kunne deres onkel Luke Skywalker fornemme deres tilstædeværelse i Kraften, for de to tvillinger delte et stærkt mentalt bånd. Senere i sit liv blev han mentor for sin fætter Ben Skywalker og fik en datter, Allana, med Tenel Ka.
3	When she was sixteen, following her homeworld's destruction by the Empire[1] in the year 0 BBY,[3] Anandra and her younger brother Santigo witnessed the other residents of Level 3204, many of whom also hailed from Alderaan, begin to hold vigils for the lost. However, the vigils turned into riots as more information became available about the Empire's role in Alderaan's destruction. The riots drew the attention of the Empire, who began to crack down on the remaining Alderaanians. Stormtroopers shot Reffe, the neighbor of Anandra Milon's uncle, in the street as he gave a tirade against Imperial corruption. Once the troopers were gone, Anandra's mother attempted to reassure Anandra and Santigo over breakfast that they were now safe and that their father would return home from his trade mission soon.[1]
1	I 25 ABY ledte Danni ExGal-4 faciliteten på Belkadan, og blev interesseret da forskerne på basen opdagede en asteroide, der var sluppet ind i galaksen. De fulgte "asteroiden", og Danni og hendes folk fandt ud af at den var på en kollisions kurs med planeten Helska IV. Efter at omklassificere "asteroiden" som en "komet" fordi de fandt en hale på den, samlede Danni to medlemmer af hendes hold, Bensin Tomri og Cho Badeleg, og de rejste i deres Spacecaster for at undersøge hvorfor "kometen"s kollision ikke havde fået Helska IV til at eksplodere.
3	Recognizing that the old Sith traditions were a dead end, Bane created a new Sith philosophy, the Rule of Two, in which there could be only two Sith at a given time: a Master to embody power and an apprentice to crave it.[3] Only by slaying their Master could the Sith apprentice gain that title and take on their own apprentice, or they could die in the attempt, and be replaced.[8] These Sith would favor the shadowy tactics of trickery and scheming to destroy their enemies rather than outright force, until it was time to rise and conquer the galaxy.[3] Believing that this new principle would prevent the power of the dark side from destroying the Sith Order,[6] Bane took on an apprentice of his own and began passing on his knowledge. The Jedi learned of Bane's new philosophy and, with Bane's defeat, falsely believed that they had destroyed the Sith forever. However, Bane's plans continued through his apprentice.[1] Although the historical records were not accurate about the identity of Bane's apprentice or how Bane died, it seemed possible that he was murdered by his student.[6]
1	De Ukendte Regioner, Ukendte Rum, Ukendte Sektor, eller Ukendte Territorier var en betegnelse for alle de regioner af Galaksen der ikke var kortlagt; det adskilte sig fra Wild Space ved at Wild Space var delvist kortlagt, men ikke fuldt udforsket.
1	Før angrebet var Teneniel Djo, den daværende Dronningemoder og svigerdatter til den tidligere Dronningemoder Ta'a Chume, i en komalignende tilstand efter et slag hun fik gennem Kraften som et resultat af den Hapanske flådes ødelæggelse under Slaget om Fondor. Ta'a Chume så dette som en mulighed for at slippe af med hende og udskifte hende med Jaina. Jedierne deltog også i begravelsen af Anakin Solo, en af de faldne fra Myrkr.
3	A spy, or secret agent, was an individual who engaged in clandestine observation or acquisition of sensitive intelligence regarding a person or organization or other target of interest, usually for political, military or financial benefit.
2	Hvilken kveld. Da Helen, min datatreff, åpnet døren og så meg for første gang, ble hun aldeles blek av overraskelse og hun skalv i knærne. Hun sa at hun hadde bedt datatreffen om noen som var høy, mørk og litt mystisk, men dette var jo helt vanvittig. Jeg lurer på, kjære dagbok, hva hun mente med det.
3	Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on other articles. Remove this message when finished.
1	Republikkens Hær gjorde også brug af forsvarsapparater som for eksempel emplaced turrets og et stort udvalg af landminer. Dette udvalg strakte sig fra fragmentation til plasma til toxin.
1	Under skjult beskyttelse af Senator Palpatine etablerede Raith Sienar Sienar Design Systems og dets Advanced Projects Laboratory, hvilken var ansvarlig for designet af Darth Maul's Sith Infiltrator. Selvom Raith Sienar tog kraftig afstand og benægtede enhver forbindelse til dette skib, ser det dog ud som om det er tilknyttet til Advanced Projects designs, som inkluderes starfighter prototyper der senere blev udviklet til T.I.E. starfighter og tidligere TIE series designs. Ved 29 BBY havde Raith Sienar også produceret design til den originale Expeditionary Battle Planetoid der senere blev til Dødstjernen.
3	Over the years, Phasma rose through the ranks of the First Order and became in charge of their stormtrooper training program. She conspired with Brendol's son General Armitage Hux to assassinate her former benefactor. Phasma also survived an assassination attempt by Brendol's former protege Cardinal, who sought revenge for Brendol's death. Having consolidated her position within the First Order, Phasma became part of an unofficial triumvirate consisting of General Hux and the dark enforcer Kylo Ren.
2	Etter Klonekrigene kom både R2 og 3PO i kaptain Antilles av Tantive IV sitt eierskap. Årsaken var personlige tragedier for både Anakin og Padme. 3POs minne ble slettet, fordi han visste for meget om de to, som at deres to hemmelige tvillinger fortsatt var i live. Man slettet imidlertid ikke R2 sitt, årsaken kan ha vært R2s manglende taleevner.
3	It was there that Kressh realized what the Emperor had been doing to her throughout her apprenticeship. Horrified, she massacred the Ortolan tribe and fled from the Empire shortly thereafter, hoping to rid herself of the Emperor and stop his creation of more Children.[4] To the latter end, she began leaking Imperial Military secrets to the Galactic Republic, all the while being tormented by the continuing presence of the Emperor in her mind. As word of a rogue Sith apprentice spread, both the Jedi Order and the Empire's Dark Council began efforts to hunt her down, albeit for different reasons.[1] Knowing that the Emperor was able to track her through her own thoughts and experiences, Kressh returned to Lenico IV, reasoning that her history with the location would confuse the Emperor's perceptions of her whereabouts. To further the deception, the rogue Sith put herself into suspended animation aboard the medical station Lenico Colony Blue, one of six artificial satellites orbiting the planet.[4]
1	Musik spillede en vigtig rolle i hans liv fra en tidlig alder. Da han var syv begyndte at at spille klaver, og senere lærte han også at spille trompet, trækbasun og klarinet. I 1948 flyttede Williams-familien, inklusiv Johns tre yngre søskende, til Los Angeles hvor hans fader, der var jazz-trommeslager, arbejdede som free-lancer for filmstudie-orkestre.
3	In about 17 BBY, Switch was hired by Alderaanian Security to collect and receive one of their agents, who had been frozen in a slab of carbonite while on an assignment in the Deep Core. The protocol droid gained possession of the frozen operative, and the Alderaanian Security agent Maya was dispatched to collect the carbonite slab from Switch. After Maya was attacked by Imperial stormtroopers, a group of spacers met with Switch in her place, and they negotiated with him for the frozen agent's release. However, just as Switch and the spacers concluded their business, they were attacked by Ganga Lor and a group of his thugs. Switch and the spacers defeated the Chevin, and, shortly afterward, the spacers traveled to the planet Cato Neimoidia on a mission for the Alderaanian Resistance, a rebellious movement led by Senator Bail Organa. A contact working for Switch obtained copies of some encrypted messages that had been sent from the palace of the Hutt Darga on Cato Neimoidia, and Switch ordered his contact to make the messages available to the spacers. Switch later sent the Twi'lek Koroma Moro to compete in the Cloud City Sabacc Tournament on the planet Bespin, and the droid engaged the assistance of the spacers to ensure that Moro won the competition.
1	Nogle forskere havde fundet ud af at der var en stor koncentration af mørkt stof i denne del af galaksen, hvilket laved unormalheder i tyngdekraften og besværliggjorde navigation. Mange rejsene brugte disse regioner son en genvej gennem Galaksen&#8212;for eksempel havde Corellianske handelsfolk været i kontakt med Chiss folket mange år før de blev "opdaget".
3	BL-17 was a BL-series Battle Legionnaire, one of only 1,000 of the droids to be manufactured by Baktoid Combat Automata after the Mandalorian Protectors, led by Alpha-Ø2, allied themselves with the Confederacy of Independent Systems during the Clone Wars. The Battle Legionnaires were deployed successfully during the Second Battle of Kamino and the Battle of New Bornalex, but during the failed Mission to Norval II, they suffered heavy losses at the hands of Galactic Republic forces, along with their Mandalorian masters.[4]
1	Star Wars Episode III: Sith-fyrsternes hævn (originaltitel: Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith) er en amerikansk film fra 2005, skrevet og instrueret af George Lucas. Det er den tredje episode i sagaen om Star Wars, om end det er den sjette film. Filmen havde verdensomspændende biografpremiere 19. maj 2005. I Danmark udkom filmen på DVD 9. november 2005.
3	Since the fastest way to reach the ruins of the Temple was through The Works, the industrial sector of the planet, Carsen led the Knight to the closest access elevator in the Justicars' Sector.[3] Within The Works, the two Jedi fought their way through rogue droids and Imperial forces in order to venture into the Temple.[3]
1	As leader of the 7th Sky Corps, CC-2224 was to be paired with a Jedi General.  He was pleased to discover that he would be operating under the command of famed Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi. However, he did not participate in the first Battle of Geonosis.[1] He would later serve under Jedi Master Mace Windu at the Battle of Skor II.
1	CT-7567 var en klon af Jango Fett ligesom alle de andre kloner. Ligesom med de fleste andre officerer opdagede Kaminorianerne hurtigt hans leder evner og fik officer uddannelse. CT-7567 var med under første slag om Geonosis og ledte sin enhed der. Han tjente med flere Jedi generaler gennem tiden og lærte at respektere dem og deres evner. På grund af hans aggression på slagmarken, fik han et ry for at være en af de bedste klon soldater. På grund af hans dygtighed og ydeevne, blev han trukket tilbage fra sin enhed og var blandt de 100 Klon Officerer som kom til Kamino for at blive special uddannet til en ARC soldat af en anden ARC soldat ved navn Alpha-17.
3	In 3643 BBY, near the end of the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Sith Empire, a battle occurred on the planet Tython between the forces of the Nautolan Dark Jedi Bengel Morr and a Jedi Padawan. Morr, the former Padawan of Jedi Master Orgus Din, had gone missing after the Sacking of Coruscant and the destruction of the original Jedi Temple by the Sith Empire ten years earlier. The Jedi had recently discovered that the Nautolan had gone insane and was marshaling Tython's native Flesh Raiders against the Jedi Order in an attempt to destroy them.
2	Det var dette som gjorde at grev Dooku, under sitt sithnavn Darth Tyranus, kontaktet dusørjegeren i tiden rundt Naboo-blokaden. Dooku testet om ryktene var sanne ved å gi ham i oppdrag å drepe hans tidligere padawan, noe Jango klarte. Etterpå ble Jango tilbudt en stor sum for å gi sitt DNA til opprettelsen av en klonehær for Republikken. Det eneste Jango krevde utover pengene var å få en uendret klone av seg selv, som ble til Boba Fett, som Jango fostret som en sønn.
1	Under de sidste år af Republikken, forsøgte en Militaristisk gruppe at reformere Republikkens Flåde og hæren, men denne udvikling var for langsom. Katana Flåden var det første forsøg af Republikken til at lave en funktionel armada (stor flåde) for Flåden, men dette blev hurtigt tabt. I 44 BBY under Stark Hyperspace War, forsøgte Ranulph Tarkin at fremstille hans flådes rumstyrker som den ægte del af Republikkens Flåde og refererede endda til den som dette.
3	The Battle of Hoth severely demoralized the Republic Military, breaking the momentum generated by the recent victory at Alderaan and leading to the Republic's eventual acceptance of the Treaty of Coruscant, which ended the war in 3653 BBY. Over fifteen years after the battle, the wreckage of the destroyed ships turned the planet's icy surface into a hotly contested battleground. Both the Empire and the Republic battled each other and the White Maw pirate organization in an effort to salvage what they could of the prototype technology lost in the last war.
3	Content approaching. Darth Vader Annual 2, Leia, Princess of Alderaan, Thrawn: Treason, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (novelization), Tooth and Claw, From a Certain Point of View, Star Wars: The Rebel Files–class.
3	Born 900 years before the Battle of Endor,[1] Yoda belonged to an ancient and mysterious species.[3] As he was keenly attuned to the Force, he joined the Jedi Order as a youngling. After undergoing the ritual known as the Gathering, he received his kyber crystal, and Professor Huyang helped him construct his first lightsaber aboard the Crucible.[13][14] Thereafter, Yoda was paired up with a personal mentor. During their time together, Yoda's Jedi Master told him the tale of K'ungfu and Chuang, two great Jedi of the past.[4] Around the age of 100, Yoda was ready to pass on what he had learned. Having attained the rank of Master, he spent the next eight centuries training and tutoring generations of Jedi.[2] It was estimated that over his lifetime, he trained around 20,000 Jedi.[15]
3	In 3681 BBY,[3] a revived Sith Empire invaded the territory of the Galactic Republic, sparking the Great Galactic War. In the early days of the war, the Republic suffered repeated losses across the Outer Rim Territories of the galaxy at the hands of the Imperial Military's lightning-fast strikes and well-coordinated tactics. The Republic Military, taken aback by the blitz, was slow to react to the assault, allowing the Imperials to seize greater territory and strike fear into the hearts of Republic citizens. Although the efficiency of the Sith war machine prevented accurate reports from the front lines to spread quickly, news of the Empire's strength soon began to permeate throughout the Republic. Reports of the destruction of a diplomatic convoy at the farthest reaches of the galaxy, the defection of the Aparo sector, the scattering of a Republic fleet in the Tingel Arm, the Sith reclamation of Korriban, and the Empire's massacre of Sluis Van's defenders all served to mount tensions and fears&#8212;particularly in the heart of the Republic, the capital world of Coruscant.[1]
3	Although Xiono struggled to maintain his cover as a mechanic, an occupation in which he had no prior experience, he was able to impress the platform's community by competing against Torra Doza in his first race on the Colossus, as well as helping to defend it from the Warbird gang. He was later a leading figure in the Colossus resistance against the First Order, helping to liberate the station.
3	Armitage Hux was a human male who served as a general in the military forces of the First Order during the New Republic Era. With the support of Supreme Leader Snoke, Hux took command of Starkiller Base and promoted the development of new technology that allowed the First Order fleet to track targets through hyperspace. However, Snoke's death ruined the young general's career trajectory, as did the years that Hux spent jockeying for power against his rival Kylo Ren, who seized control of the First Order as the new Supreme Leader.
3	The Jedi studied the Pulas, and while they were uncertain as to the exact powers that the crystal possessed, they recognized the relic to be dangerous, and the Believer attack helped persuade the Academy's headmaster, Jedi Master Lanius Qel-Bertuk, that the Believer presence on Almas made it unsafe for the artifact to be kept on the world. Qel-Bertuk contacted the Jedi High Council, the governing body of the Jedi Order, and after some negotiation it was agreed that the Pulas would be transported to the Jedi Temple on the planet Coruscant for safekeeping. However, the Believers continued with their efforts to steal the Pulas. During the first night the artifact was housed within the Almas Academy, a band of Believers broke into the school and attempted to seize the artifact. The cultists were again unsuccessful, and the group all committed suicide to avoid capture by the Jedi.[1]
3	Following their successful operation to destroy Starkiller Base, Resistance fighters evacuate their main base on the planet D'Qar onto their fleet. Before they can complete their evacuation, First Order starships under General Armitage Hux arrive. Seeking to destroy the Resistance, Hux orders Captain Moden Canady to destroy the Resistance fleet and base with his Dreadnought Fulminatrix.
3	The Talisman of the Raven had been impregnated with the energy of the raven's ur-spirit,[1] granting its wearer the power to take the shape of the black bird.[1][4] In order to draw on the ur-raven's power, the wearer needed to give the stone a twist.[4] That effect could also be achieved accidentally by the impact of a blow imparted to the ring.[5] If the Talisman was lost or destroyed while the user was still subsumed by the ur-raven, the user would be trapped in raven form.[6]
3	Malakili was a human male born on Corellia,[1] a planet in the galaxy's Core Worlds.[6] Malakili departed Corellia at a young age, winding up in the slums[4] of the Outer Rim moon[7] Nar Shaddaa. Skilled with handling beasts, Malakili spent his childhood training vicious creatures called gugverms to stop stealing from local food stores; with time, the gugverms became Malakili's pets, friends, and protectors.[4] Eventually, Malakili was hired as a beastmaster for traveling[1] Hutt circuses,[4] such as Circus Horrificus,[5] in which he domesticated and taught a variety of creatures, including sand dragons, kill-wings, costumed womp rats, and eventually rancors, monstrous creatures no one else could tame.[4] His circus career ended after a show on Nar Shaddaa, when one of the dangerous beasts got loose and killed audience members.[1]
3	The human sisters Tula and Tace were both born on the planet Alderaan but chose very separate paths in life: Tula came to serve as an officer of the Galactic Empire during its war against the Rebel Alliance, while Tace joined the cloistered musical group known as the Melodic Order as a musician.[1] In the year 0 BBY,[2] during Tula's service to the Empire, Alderaan was destroyed by the Imperial Death Star superweapon; however, she continued her Imperial service obediently. Tace, meanwhile, initially remained unaware of her homeworld's fate, as her employers at Club Deeja on the planet Naboo decided their musicians would perform better without such terrible news.[1]
1	Jawas var korte humanoide indfødte på Tatooine. De var oftest skralde-samlere, og levede af at samle og sælge forskellige ting de fandt fra deres kæmpe sandcrawler transporter. En gruppe af Jawa'er var ansvarlige for at finde C-3PO og R2-D2og sælge dem til Luke Skywalker's onkel Owen Lars. En anden stamme af Jawa'er, ledet af Tteel Kkak, fandt Jabba the Hutt's rancor. De havde et rygte som svindlere, fordi de havde en tendens til at sælge ubrugligt udstyr, som ud-daterede droids til moisture farmers, men de var pacifistiske væsner, og bød sjældent nogen modstand til kolonister af hvad der var Tatooine, og opfattede dem i stede som glimrende forretningsmål.
3	Intent on fulfilling their obligation to the Queen, Tott Doneeta, Cay and Ulic Qel-Droma went into the wilderness of Onderon, where, after being shot down in the Nebulon Ranger by the Beast Riders' perimeter defenses, they crashed in the wildlands. After crashing, they encountered and tamed wild boma beasts, and learned from them that a wedding between Oron Kira and Galia was just beginning. The bomas brought the Jedi to the forest citadel, where they found the wedding already in progress between the Beast-Lord and the Princess. After abruptly halting the ceremony and attempting to rescue Galia, the Jedi were surprised to learn from her that the wedding, like the abduction, had been secretly arranged years prior. They were then invited by Oron Kira's father, Modon Kira, to stay and join in the festivities. After the ceremony, Jedi Knight Ulic Qel-Droma suggested that the newly weds present their marriage to the Queen, in hopes that their union would sway the Amanoa into finally accepting a peaceful settlement between the warring factions. Kira agreed, and traveled with the Jedi and his new wife to the great walled city requesting an audience with the Queen.
3	The Talisman of the Raven allowed its user to assume the shape of a raven. Such pieces of arcane technology were created by the Witches of Dathomir, a society of all-female Force-users. Both Sith alchemists and Jedi scholars could not fully explain how the artifacts worked and unsuccessfully tried to replicate their effects. A Talisman of Transformation,[1] the Talisman of the Raven consisted of a red gemstone set in a golden ring.[4]
3	Content approaching. Before the Awakening, Age of Resistance - General Hux 1, Phasma, Galaxy's Edge: Black Spire, Star Wars: The Last Jedi: Expanded Edition, The Last Jedi Adaptation 6, Allegiance 4,Secret Agent Droids, Part 3, Galaxy's Edge 4, TIE Fighter Owners' Workshop Manual, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker: The Visual Dictionary–class.
2	THX 1138 ble George Lucas første film, og ble laget i 1970. Etter denne filmen grunnla han sitt eget filmselskap, Lucasfilm Ltd. , som slo seg til i San Rafael i den amerikanske delstaten California.
3	After its return to galactic prominence in 3681 BBY,[11] the reconstituted Sith Empire stabbed into Galactic Republic space in a brutal campaign for domination.[12] As the Great Galactic War dragged on, the Sith seized much of the Outer Rim Territories and continued to advance toward the Republic's bastion worlds near the galaxy's center, known as the Core Worlds. Despite two major setbacks at the Mid Rim planet of Bothawui[13] in 3671 BBY,[14] the Empire continued to press their offensive in the hope of ending the war quickly.[13] The Empire's ruling Dark Council also sought to take revenge on the Republic for the capture of the six Sith Lords known as the Dread Masters a year earlier, as the loss of the Dread Masters' power angered the Council.[15] To that end, the Core Worlds became an even greater focus, and in this region lay Alderaan, a verdant and historically tranquil planet that had long been a voice for peace in the Republic's Galactic Senate. Alderaan was seen as the soul of the principles the Republic had been founded on, and it was that reputation that made it a military target for opportunistic Sith commanders hoping to capitalize on what had the potential to be a major blow to Republic morale.[4]
3	Orson Callan Krennic was a human male born in Sativran City on the planet Lexrul in the year 51 BBY. At the age of fifteen, he earned a place in the Galactic Republic's Future Program on Brentaal, wherein he met and befriended fellow student Galen Erso. The two worked well together, but the older Erso shrank in the shadow of Krennic's personality and charisma. Although Krennic's listed area of excellence was architecture, his counselors noted that Krennic's ability to manipulate and read others was just as effective.[1] After a time in the program, he was offered a position in the Republic Corps of Engineers and joined it, which led to him supervising large onworld and deep space construction projects. This increased influence allowed Krennic to land Erso a visiting professorship at the Institute of Applied Science[3] at the time when Erso had focused on kyber crystal research.[1]
3	By the time of the Imperial era, the Great Heep was already ancient. The Heep was an agent of the Abominor, an extra-galactic species of advanced, self-constructing droids, which exterminated or enslaved organic life on thousands of worlds as they stripped them of their natural resources. When the Abominor fought a war against the Silentium, a droid species which favored order over the asymmetry and chaos of the Abominor, the dominant organic species were able to regroup and drive both machine societies from their galaxy.[3][4] At least 300 years prior to the formation of the Galactic Empire, the Great Heep somehow ended up being shut down, with his lifeless body placed in the Braltzamir Museum of Antiquated Machinery on the capital world of the known galaxy, Coruscant. The Great Heep's display was eventually discovered during the early Imperial era by Admiral Terrinald Screed of the Imperial Navy. Alongside a team of students from the Imperial Engineers Academy, Screed was able to reactivate the Abominor.[4]
3	Doctor Cylo was a specialist in cybernetics whose research eventually led him to believe that technological superiority was inevitable, and that mystical aspects of the universe, such as the Force, were obsolete. To that aim, he began research on creating new forms of life, depending on technological augmentations, which he created using illegal alien parts smuggled to his research base in conjunction with cybernetic upgrades. His experiments eventually included himself when created a map of his personality, completed with memory banks and plug-in calculation systems, to make himself into an immortal system. As such, he could grow several upgraded bodies of himself; when one body died, another was activated at his research base with no memory of what had happened to the old body. By the time of the Battle of Yavin, Cylo had already lost three bodies and was using the one known as Cylo-IV.[5]
3	During the reign of the Galactic Empire, the Empire sterilized the planet Geonosis, killing[6] all Geonosian life on the planet except for a single Geonosian drone, nicknamed "Klik-Klak" by the Lothal rebels[7] of Phoenix Cell when they undertook[8] a mission to investigate Geonosis alongside rebel extremist Saw Gerrera and his Partisans[8] in 2 BBY.[9] An unhatched egg containing the last insectoid Geonosian queen also survived under Klik-Klak's protection. The egg hatched eventually and the next Karina was born; thereby ensuring the survival of the Geonosian specifies.[10] However, Karina was injured by Imperial bombs sometime later, and was left unable to produce offspring.[5] By 0 ABY she had[4] taken up residence in a subterranean lair and attached herself to a droid factory in an attempt to continue her race using the factory as her womb and the battle droids it produced as her "children."[5]
1	Hego Damask var født på Mygeeto som søn af den middelrangerende Bank Klan agent Caar Damask og dennes sekundære hustru (muun samfundet tillod polygami). Damasks fødsel og ophav var planlagt efter aftale med hans forældre og den berømte bith ingeniør Rugess Nome, som i al hemmelighed var den Sorte Herre af Sith, Darth Tenebrous. Nome vidste at de to Muuner, der bragte Hego til verden havde potentiale inden for Kraften, men ingen af dem var dog stærke nok til at blive den næste sith lærling. En forening mellem Caar Damask og hans hustru, håbede Tenebrous, ville resultere i et barn, der var stærkt i Kraften, og det lykkedes.
3	Born in 19 BBY alongside her twin brother, Luke Skywalker, Organa's mother died in childbirth and her father had fallen to the dark side of the Force, becoming the Sith Lord Darth Vader. She was taken to Alderaan and raised as a member of the House of Organa, eventually succeeding to her adoptive father's post in the Imperial Senate. During the early days of the Galactic Civil War, Organa helped the Rebel Alliance obtain schematics on the Death Star, resulting in the battle station's destruction at the Battle of Yavin, although not before its superweapon destroyed Organa's homeworld. During a mission on Tatooine, Organa was taken prisoner and treated like a slave by Jabba Desilijic Tiure until she managed to strangle the Hutt crime lord to death, earning her the title "Huttslayer."
3	It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that everyone must follow. Please use the Consensus track to propose changes to this policy.
1	Det andet forsøg brugte et nyt frost bombe våben, Omega Frost. Han Solo ledte en Oprørs flåde gennem et ukendt hul i blokaden mens Luke Skywalker flyttede bomben, og Oprørs flåden angreb Orman Tagge's flåde og besejrede ham.
1	Ti år efter kloninginsprocessen var begyndt på Kamino, gjorde formationen af klonhæren store fremskridt. 200.000 enheder var klar med en million flere på vej, da Jango blev hyret til at snigmyrde Senator Padmé Amidala, der kunne være blevet til en trussel på grund af hendes succes under Kampen på Naboo. Planen mislykkedes og Jango var tilmed tvunget til at myrde sin partner, Zam Wesell, for at holde sin hemmelige identitet skjult. Jedi Ridder Obi-Wan Kenobi sporede en af Jangos våben til Kamino og tilegnede sig oplysninger omkring klonhæren, som ingen i Jedi-rådet syntes at vide noget som helst om. Jango og Kenobi mødtes og fik en kort snak sammen på gentlemanmanér, og selvom Jango spillede uskyldig, vidste de begge godt, hvad der foregik. Da Kenobi senere prøvede at pågribe Jango for at kunne stille ham yderlige spørgsmål, udspilllede der sig derfor en dramatisk duel på landingsplatformen, hvor Jango fik formåede at undslippe jedien og efterfølgende flygte med sin søn Boba i deres rumskib Slave I.[2][3]
1	Corran fandt ud af at Kirtan Loor planlagde at arrestere dem med falske anklager, så han, Gil Bastra, Iella Wessiri, og Iella's mand Diric Wessiri, planlagde deres flugt. Corran flygtede da Loor plandlagde at myrde ham. Diric og Iella Wessiri flygtede til Coruscant.
1	Før sin tid som Sithfyrste var Anakin general (oprindeligt kommandør) i de langvarige Klonkrige. Som Vader tiltrådte han rollen som "Military Executor of Palpatine's New Order" (Militær Agent af Palpatines Nye Orden). Rygterne florerede om, at han var en af galaksens største massemordere. Han ledte også "The Great Jedi Purge", som gik ud på at dræbe de sidste levende Jedier efter "Order 66".
3	She then speculated that the meteors would cause catastrophic seismic activity on the planet and potentially cause it to start spinning again, since it was held stationary by Cynda's presence in its orbit. Deltic suggested that the destruction of Cynda might make no changes to Gorse at all or possibly destroy the planet's entire biome in the next ten years. Deltic also warned of the possibility that Cynda's destruction would cause the breakdown of large amounts of the thorilide located there, which would prevent them from harvesting it, and suggested that a test should be carried out to make sure the moon was not being destroyed for nothing.[1]
2	Imidlertid gikk det ikke slik, for Anakin vant løpet. Watto ble med dette nærmest ruinert økonomisk, og satt til slutt bare igjen med Anakins mor, Shmi, men for å bedre den økonomiske situasjonen solgte han henne til kondensfarmeren Cliegg Lars, som faktisk giftet seg med henne.
3	Attention is requested to create new articles from these links. Click "[show]" in the "Appearances" section if any redlinks aren't immediately visible. Please remove this message when finished.
3	Over the next decade, the galaxy was on the verge of civil war with entire star systems&#8212;led by Count Dooku, Yoda's one-time Padawan&#8212;threatening to secede from the Republic by 22 BBY. Unable to defend the entire Republic on their own, the Jedi took command of the newly-formed Grand Army of the Republic, with Yoda himself leading an army of clone troopers against the Separatist Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems in the first battle of the Clone Wars. For three years Yoda led the Republic military's war effort as a Jedi General, determined to bring a swift and decisive end to the conflict, but his efforts were undermined by Darth Sidious, the Dark Lord of the Sith who conspired to destroy the Jedi and restore the Sith to power. After the Jedi Purge commenced in 19 BBY, killing thousands of Jedi both on Coruscant and across the galaxy, Yoda confronted the self-declared Galactic Emperor but failed to cut short Sidious' reign and consequently retreated into exile, leaving the Sith Master to consolidate his power with a new apprentice, the former Anakin Skywalker-turned-Darth Vader, at his side. His remaining years were spent living in isolation on the remote world of Dagobah until Anakin's son, Luke Skywalker sought out the legendary Grand Master in the hope of becoming a Jedi Knight. A year later, with his health rapidly declining, Yoda died of old age and became one with the Force in 4 ABY.
3	Naddists[3]1 Sith sorcerer[3]King Ommin[3]Dark Side Army[4]1 Dark Jedi[4]Warb Null&dagger;[4]Dark Side Adepts[4]Novar[4]Naddist troops[3]Darksider battalions[4]Sith war droids[4]Groundborer[3]
3	Born on the planet Stewjon in 57 BBY, Kenobi was inducted into the Jedi Order at a young age and became the apprentice of Qui-Gon Jinn after completing his initial lessons under Grand Master Yoda. During the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY, Kenobi defeated the Sith Lord Darth Maul and was awarded the status of Jedi Knight. Kenobi also began training Anakin Skywalker, having promised his dying master that the boy would become a Jedi, but often had to rein in his adventure-seeking apprentice. Over the years, Kenobi became concerned that Skywalker's powers made him arrogant but also regarded him as a good friend and a brother, and ultimately believed that Skywalker was in fact the Chosen One destined to restore balance to the Force by destroying the Sith.
